# Install
	- # Update and upgrade the system:
		- Before installing anything you should always update and upgrade.
			- `sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade -y`
	- # PreInstall:
		- ## openjdk-13
			- NOTE: In order to install the C/C++ stuff a java utility 'unpack200' is required. This is difficult because 'unpack200' was deprecated in jdk14. Hence you need JDK13 installed in add C/C++ functionality.
			- `cd ~/Downloads`
			- `wget https://download.java.net/openjdk/jdk13/ri/openjdk-13+33_linux-x64_bin.tar.gz`
			- `tar -zxvf openjdk-13+33_linux-x64_bin.tar.gz`
			- `sudo apt install -y default-jdk`
			- `sudo apt install -y build-essential`
	- # Download and install:
		- Packages to install NetBeans IDE are not available through the Debian Bullseye repository, therefore, we cannot get it directly using the APT package manager. Hence, visit the [Apache NetBeans official website](https://netbeans.apache.org/download/index.html).
		- Click on the Download button and then on the link of the script that is available for Linux.
		- NOTE: Do this on the target machine to avoid the need to copy it there after downloading.
		  background-color:: red
		- After the download is complete run the following commands:
		- `cd ~/Downloads`
		- `sudo apt install -y ./{download file name}`
- # C/C++ Plugin:
	- Tools => Plugins => Settings
	- Activate 'NetBeans 8.2 Plugin Portal
	- Tools =>Plugins => Updates
	- Check for Updates
	- Update => Next => Continue => Finish
	- Tools => Plugins => Installed
	- C/C++ => Activate => Activate
	- Packages will download successfully but the install will fail looking for 'unpack200'.  Point the installer to the directory jdk-13 was extracted to (0: NetBeans - Install w/APT).  the unpack200 file is located in the 'bin' directory.  The C/C++ tool install will now complete successfully.
- # Configure:
- Tools => Options
	- Fonts & Colors:
		- Comments => Foreground
			- Red
			- Apply
	- Editor:
		- On Save
			- Remove Trailing Whitespace From:
				- All Lines
				- Apply