I finally got to the doctor today for last years annual checkup and a flue shot.

- # [[Louise Leonhardt Estate]]
	- **2024-03-04 0728** [Re  Administration of Alice Louise Leonhardt Estate - Joyce Anderson (lazyjoyce@aol.com) - 2024-03-04 0728.eml](../assets/Re_Administration_of_Alice_Louise_Leonhardt_Estate_-_Joyce_Anderson_(lazyjoyce@aol_1712770401398_0.com) - 2024-03-04 0728.eml)
		- Hello Ari,
		  
		  I will take Stacey's 1st available appointment.  I will just tell the other attorney that they will have to wait longer.
		  
		  Joyce Anderson
		  
		  on Friday, March 1, 2024 at 05:12:47 PM MST, Ari Quesenberry <ari@sljlawfirm.com> wrote:
		  
		  Greetings Joyce,
		  
		  The other attorney in our office is booking for the beginning of April too.
		  
		  If you can’t wait, I can provide names/numbers for other attorneys that may be able to assist you.
		  
		  Thanks,
		  Ari
	- **2024-03-04 0756** [Re  Administration of Alice Louise Leonhardt Estate - Joyce Anderson (lazyjoyce@aol.com) - 2024-03-04 0756.eml](../assets/Re_Administration_of_Alice_Louise_Leonhardt_Estate_-_Joyce_Anderson_(lazyjoyce@aol_1712770321006_0.com) - 2024-03-04 0756.eml)
		- Hello Stephen,
		  At this point I am still pursuing legal representation.  I have discussed the matter with 2 attorneys, but neither was available to retain. I am scheduling an appointment with a 3rd  attorney, but they are not available until the 2nd week in April for a consultation.
		  
		  With this information, we would like to again ask for a copy of the trust, and an accounting of all funds in the trust including the unnamed investment accounts. Also the explanation of why the additional funds were deposited into this Chase account.
		  
		  Joyce Anderson
		  
		  On Monday, February 26, 2024 at 03:23:45 PM MST, Stephen Brower <sbrower@brentwoodlg.com> wrote:
		  
		  Dear Joyce:
		  
		  As a matter of attorney ethics, I cannot talk with you directly if you have retained a lawyer.  Would you please confirm whether you have a lawyer?  If so, would you please provide the contact information for your lawyer?  We can answer your requests, but we need to do so through proper channels.
		  
		  Sincerely,
	- **2024-03-04 1122** [Re  Administration of Alice Louise Leonhardt Estate - Ari Quesenberry (ari@sljlawfirm.com) - 2024-03-04 1122.eml](../assets/Re_Administration_of_Alice_Louise_Leonhardt_Estate_-_Ari_Quesenberry_(ari@sljlawfirm_1712770384644_0.com) - 2024-03-04 1122.eml)
		- Greetings Joyce,
		  
		  I will proceed with the initial consultation process. Please send me a list of all parties 
		  involved so I can run a conflicts check.
		  Will the initial consultation be just you, or will anyone else by joining? Would you like it to be via telephone or Microsoft TEAMS? If teams, audio or video?
		  
		  I will pencil you in for 04/08 at 2pm. Once conflicts are cleared and we receive the initial consultation fee, your appointment will be confirmed.
		  
		  Thanks,
		  Ari
	- **2024-03-04 2238** [Re  Administration of Alice Louise Leonhardt Estate - Joyce Anderson (lazyjoyce@aol.com) - 2024-03-04 2238.eml](../assets/Re_Administration_of_Alice_Louise_Leonhardt_Estate_-_Joyce_Anderson_(lazyjoyce@aol_1712770368921_0.com) - 2024-03-04 2238.eml)
		- Hello Ari,
		  
		  I'm not sure if you need just the names or any additional information, but I will also include the metropolitan area each resides.
		  
		  The names are:
		      Gregory Leonhardt, Denver CO
		      Scott Leonhardt, Chicago IL
		      Ruth Leonhardt, Dallas TX
		      Joyce Anderson, Phoenix AZ
		  
		  I'm sure everyone would like to be present for the meeting, because that ensures we all receive the same message.  I have not heard of Microsoft TEAMS, but that sounds like the best option. I believe we would also prefer the video option.  Barring any unforeseen circumstances, I think 2 PM on Monday April 8th is ok for all. (Scott, let us know if 4:00 your time is ok or not.)
		  
		  Please let me know if you need any additional information.
		  
		  Joyce Anderson