I finally got to the doctor today for last years annual checkup and a flue shot.

- # [[Louise Leonhardt Estate]]
	- **2024-03-04 0728** [Re  Administration of Alice Louise Leonhardt Estate - Joyce Anderson (lazyjoyce@aol.com) - 2024-03-04 0728.eml](../assets/Re_Administration_of_Alice_Louise_Leonhardt_Estate_-_Joyce_Anderson_(lazyjoyce@aol_1712770401398_0.com) - 2024-03-04 0728.eml)
	- **2024-03-04 0756** [Re  Administration of Alice Louise Leonhardt Estate - Joyce Anderson (lazyjoyce@aol.com) - 2024-03-04 0756.eml](../assets/Re_Administration_of_Alice_Louise_Leonhardt_Estate_-_Joyce_Anderson_(lazyjoyce@aol_1712770321006_0.com) - 2024-03-04 0756.eml)
		- Hello Stephen,
		- At
		  this point I am still pursuing legal representation.  I have discussed 
		  the matter with 2 attorneys, but neither was available to retain. I am 
		  scheduling an appointment with a 3rd  attorney, but they are not 
		  available until the 2nd week in April for a consultation.
		- With this information, we would like to again ask for a copy of the 
		  trust, and an accounting of all funds in the trust 
		  including the unnamed investment accounts. Also the explanation of why the additional funds were deposited 
		  into this Chase account.
		- Joyce Anderson
		-
		-
		-
		- On Monday, February 26, 2024 at 03:23:45 PM MST, Stephen Brower <sbrower@brentwoodlg.com> wrote:
		-
		-
		-
		- Dear Joyce:
		-
		-
		-
		- As a matter of attorney 
		  ethics, I cannot talk with you directly if you have retained a lawyer.  
		  Would you please confirm whether you have a lawyer?  If so, would you 
		  please provide the contact information for your lawyer?  We can answer
		  your requests, but we need to do so through proper channels.
		-
		-
		-
		- Sincerely,
	- **2024-03-04 1122** [Re  Administration of Alice Louise Leonhardt Estate - Ari Quesenberry (ari@sljlawfirm.com) - 2024-03-04 1122.eml](../assets/Re_Administration_of_Alice_Louise_Leonhardt_Estate_-_Ari_Quesenberry_(ari@sljlawfirm_1712770384644_0.com) - 2024-03-04 1122.eml)
		- Greetings Joyce,
		  
		  I will proceed with the initial consultation process. Please send me a list of all parties 
		  involved so I can run a conflicts check.
		  Will the initial consultation be just you, or will anyone else by joining? Would you like it to be via telephone or Microsoft TEAMS? If teams, audio or video?
		  
		  I will pencil you in for 04/08 at 2pm. Once conflicts are cleared and we receive the initial consultation fee, your appointment will be confirmed.
		  
		  Thanks,
		  Ari
		  ***NOTE: I am on limited maternity leave with my workdays being Thursdays and Fridays. My emails are still being monitored, however,  please expect a delayed response.***
		  
		  Ari Quesenberry
		  *Paralegal for Stacey L. Johnson*
		  Stacey L. Johnson, PLLC
		  20325 N. 51st Avenue, Suite 134
		  Glendale, AZ 85308
		  Phone: 602-218-5445, Ext. 408
		  Direct: 623-444-5834
		  Fax: 602-218-5405
		  [ari@sljlawfirm.com](mailto:ari@sljlawfirm.com)
	- **2024-03-04 2238** [Re  Administration of Alice Louise Leonhardt Estate - Joyce Anderson (lazyjoyce@aol.com) - 2024-03-04 2238.eml](../assets/Re_Administration_of_Alice_Louise_Leonhardt_Estate_-_Joyce_Anderson_(lazyjoyce@aol_1712770368921_0.com) - 2024-03-04 2238.eml)
		- Hello Ari,
		  
		  I'm not sure if you need just the names or any additional information, but I will also include the metropolitan area each resides.
		  
		  The names are:
		      Gregory Leonhardt, Denver CO
		      Scott Leonhardt, Chicago IL
		      Ruth Leonhardt, Dallas TX
		      Joyce Anderson, Phoenix AZ
		  
		  I'm sure everyone would like to be present for the meeting, because that ensures we all receive the same message.  I have not heard of Microsoft TEAMS, but that sounds like the best option. I believe we would also prefer the video option.  Barring any unforeseen circumstances, I think 2 PM on Monday April 8th is ok for all. (Scott, let us know if 4:00 your time is ok or not.)
		  
		  Please let me know if you need any additional information.
		  
		  Joyce Anderson