# [[Sandy]]
	- **12:10** Temperature is down to 99.3
	- **02:33** Temperature is down to 88.9.
	- **06:10**  Temperature is back up to 101.7.  Going to the hospital.
	- She was admitted pretty quickly getting to the room (5800) a little before noon.
		- The remainder of the day was fairly typical admission and I left around 15:30.
- # [[Louise Leonhardt Estate]]
	- [ALICE L. LEONHARDT TRUST - CALL WITH STACEY.eml](../../../assets/ALICE_L_1716486978655_0. LEONHARDT TRUST - CALL WITH STACEY.eml)
		- Greetings,
		  
		  Please see below for your information and files. You will receive emails like this throughout the representation to keep you up to date on communications with opposing counsel. Always let us know if you have any questions!
		  
		  Thanks,
		  Ari
		- Greetings Attorney Brower,
		  
		  This firm represents four beneficiaries of the Alice L. Leonhardt Trust – Joyce Anderson, Scott Leonhardt, Ruth Leonhardt, and Greg Leonhardt.
		  
		  Are you available for a telephone call with Stacey next week to discuss the matter and current status?
		  
		  Stacey is available on Tuesday and Thursday of next week.
		  
		  Thanks,
		  Ari
	- [Everyone has signed ANDERSON_ 20240408 ENGAGEMENT LETTER.pdf.eml](../../../assets/Everyone_has_signed_ANDERSON_20240408_ENGAGEMENT_LETTER_1716487240425_0.pdf.eml)
		- Everyone has signed ANDERSON; 20240408 ENGAGEMENT LETTER.pdf	
		  
		  SIGNERS
		- Joyce Anderson (lazyjoyce@aol.com)
		- Ruth Leonhardt (rleo.usa@gmail.com)
		- Greg Leonhardt (gregleonhardt@gmail.com)
		- Scott Leonhardt (sleonhardt@comcast.net)
		- You can view the document as an attachment below (if it’s under 25 MB). This document and others may also be accessed by logging in to your Dropbox Sign account.