# [[Sandy]]
	- She had her checkup at the kidney clinic early this morning:
	- Everything is looking good.
	- She should get Flue, COVID-19 and RSV [[immunizations]] .
	- The next appointment is in 3 months.
	- Spoke to the Madonna doctor after the morning checkup:
		- There was a blood glucose reading of 300 last night but he doesn't wand to make any changes unless a pattern forms.  He is worried about having a low reading.
		- We spoke to him about vaccinations and he doesn't think they will be available before Sandy is released from Madonna.
		- Spoke to him about the potential of encephalopathy is Sandy is constipated.  Not that there is anything to do right now, just to keep an eye out for it.
		- Later in the day I received a call from the pharmacy about the maintenance drug for her CMV.
		- It is very expensive and they want me to fill out forms for assistance.  They sent over the forms some time ago and I never did anything as it is very unlikely that they will be approved.
		- On the more serious side they are pushing it now because her latest CMV test came back over 3,000.  A significant increase from last week where is was less than 400.
	- ### Other:
		- Since it does not look like we will be returning to Colorado in the near future, I will be making a quick trip back there next week Monday.  I hope to be back here by Wednesday morning.
	- ## Jessica L Reeb at 9/29/2023  9:20 AM
	  
	  | 
	  
	  | 
	  
	  **Chief Complaint:  **Evaluation and management of kidney transplant and immunosuppression monitoring
	- Sondra L Leonhardt is a 69 y.o. female patient with a PMH significant for decompensated cirrhosis with portal hypertension, end-stage kidney disease 2/2 HRS on hemodialysis
	- Patient underwent OLTX on 3/12/2023 and DDKT on 3/13/2023.
	- **Referring Nephrologist**: UNMC Nephrology
	- Dialysis pre-transplant: Hemodialysis