# [[Sandy Omaha]]
	- **07:50**
		- Mom isn't doing very well. She slept almost all of yesterday with periods of being awake and talkative. This morning she is still sound asleep and when weakened she is having a hard time forming words.
		- I need to emphasize that I don't know what I am talking about and so far the doctors are not concerned.
		- Please don't call or text with questions. I don't have any answers. When I have some information I'll update you all.
	- **12:49**
		- Even though her O2 levels are good her CO2 levels are high.
		- The operating theory is that the elevated CO2 is the root cause of the sleeping etc. problems. Evidently this is a common thing with patients that are having difficulty breathing.
		- They are hooking up a space age CPAT machine to assist the breathing.
		- Now it's just sitting back and waiting for it to do its thing.
	- **17:44**
		- So as expected she has been moved to ICU. Monitoring the (for lack of a better name) CPAT machine is more than the floor nurses can handle.
		- They are also finally addressing her low blood pressure. The blood pressure problem is being caused by low fluid volume. Yes, I know. Even though she is fluid overload the fluid isn't in the blood stream where it is needed. To fix this they have been pumping her with more fluid which is a good temporary patch but it quickly migrates out of the blood stream into the fatty tissue and her blood pressure drops again. So they hang another IV bag of fluid. And the cycle repeats. Anyhow they now have a handle on what the problem is and need to come up with a fix.
		- The CPAT machine seems to be doing its job. After only a couple hours of running her CO2 levels are falling.