# [[Sandy Omaha]]
	- **09:29**
		- The procedure has started.
	- **09:40**
		- The start time was pushed back about two hours and actually started about ten minutes ago.
	- **10:41**
		- Patient is doing well and the procedure is progressing. We'll update in 60-90 minutes if the procedure has not finished.
	- **11:31**
		- The procedure is closing.
		- I'm heading back to the hospital.
		- They called to say that they are wrapping things up and expected to finish soon.
	- **14:02**
		- I just talked to (one of) the surgeons and there were no complications throughout the surgery. She is doing fine and heading to ICU as planned.
		- I am a little behind in updates. The surgeon was backed up and took a while to come by.
		- Surgery went by the book and the new kidney is already working.
		- She is somewhat uncomfortable. But the two huge slices across her stomach might have something to do with that.
		- Somewhat sedated but awake enough to reply to questions etc.
	- **14:12**
		- I am a little behind in updates. The surgeon was backed up and took a while to come by.
		- Surgery went by the book and the new kidney is already working.
		- She is somewhat uncomfortable. But the two huge slices across her stomach might have something to do with that.
		- Somewhat sedated but awake enough to reply to questions etc.
	- **15:56**
		- Kidney Dr. Was here and said that Sandy is doing very well and ahead of the curve.
		- He was optimistic that she will be out of the ICU sometime tomorrow.
		- He was very encouraged at how well the kidney is functioning.