# From github/libbitcoin-system
	- ## About Libbitcoin
	  
	  The libbitcoin toolkit is a set of cross platform C++ libraries for building bitcoin applications. The toolkit consists of several libraries, most of which depend on the foundational libbitcoin-system library. Each library's repository can be cloned and built using common automake 1.14+ instructions or cmake 3.5+ instructions. There are no packages yet in distribution however each library includes an installation script (described below) which is regularly verified via github actions.
		- ### Tools:
		  ```
		  sudo apt install \
		                   build-essential \
		                   autoconf \
		                   automake \
		                   libtool \
		                   pkg-config \
		                   git \
		                   g++ \
		                   clang
		  ```
		- ### Download:
			- `cd ~/Download`
			- `git clone https://github.com/libbitcoin/libbitcoin-explorer.git`
			- Or extract the previously downloaded copy.
			- `cd Download`
			- `unzip ~/Documents/Linux/Install_Packages/libbitcoin-explorer-version3.zip`
		- ### Build:
			- `cd ~/Download/libbitcoin-explorer-version3`
				- ``./install.sh --prefix=`pwd`/prefix --build-boost --build-zmq --disable-shared``
			- OR
				- `./install.sh --prefix=/home/greg/Documents/Linux/prefix --build-dir=/home/greg/Documents/Linux/build --build-boost --build-zmq --disable-shared`
			- OR
				- `./install.sh --prefix=/media/greg/BitCoin/LibBitcoin/libbitcoin-explorer-version3 --build-dir=/media/greg/BitCoin/LibBitcoin/libbitcoin-explorer-version3/ --build-boost --build-zmq --disable-shared -latomic`
			- `cp ~/Documents/Linux/prefix/bin/bx ~/bin/.`
- # Download the executable
	- `wget https://github.com/libbitcoin/libbitcoin-explorer/releases/download/v2.2.0/bx-linux-x64-mainnet`
	- Make the file executable:
		- `chmod +x bx-linux-x64-mainnet`
	- Rename the file:
		- `mv bx-linux-x64-mainnet bx`
	- And finally move the file to the bin directory:
		- `mv bx-linux-x64-mainnet ~/bin/.`
	- ## **FAIL**
	  background-color:: red
		- The binary is too old and doesn't know how to get the wallet address for any of the newer cyphers.
		  background-color:: red
- # **2024-04-01** Build Fail
	- Libbitcoin requires a C++11 compiler, currently minimum [GCC 4.8.0](https://gcc.gnu.org/projects/cxx0x.html) or Clang based on [LLVM 3.5](http://llvm.org/releases/3.5.0/docs/ReleaseNotes.html).
	- Install the [build system](http://wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_build_system) (Automake minimum 1.14) and git:
		- `sudo apt-get install build-essential autoconf automake libtool pkg-config git`
	- Next download the source files and decompress:
		- `cd ~/Downloads`
		- `git clone https://github.com/libbitcoin/libbitcoin-explorer.git`
	- Now we can start the build process:
		- `cd libbitcoin-explorer/`
		- ``./install.sh --prefix=`pwd`/prefix --build-dir=`pwd`/builds --build-boost --build-zmq --disable-shared``
	- ## **FAIL**
		- checking for libzmq >= 4.3.5... no
		  background-color:: red
		- configure: eror: libzmq >= 4.3.5 is required but was not found.
		  background-color:: red
- # From github/libbitcoin-explorer
	- The README here says "This branch is not usable in its current state. Please see [version3](https://github.com/libbitcoin/libbitcoin-explorer/tree/version3) for the latest functional branch."  Following the link takes you to 'libbitcoin-system' above.
	- From the 'INSTALL' file.
		- The simplest way to compile this package is:
			- Install the prerequisite packages:
				- `sudo apt install  -y build-essential autoconf automake libtool pkg-config git libboost-system1.81-dev`
			- Download libbitcoin-explorer:
				- `git clone https://github.com/libbitcoin/libbitcoin-explorer.git`
			- Change directory containing the package's source code and type `./configure' to configure the package for your system.
				- `cd libbitcoin-explorer`
			- The first thing that must be done is to run the automake script.  This will create the configure script needed in the next step.
				- `./automake.sh`
			- Running `configure' might take a while.  While running, it prints some messages telling which features it is checking for.
				- `./configure`
			- Now it's time to compile the source code.
				- `make`
			- Optionally, type `make check' to run any self-tests that come with the package, generally using the just-built uninstalled binaries.
			  
			  Type `make install' to install the programs and any data files and documentation.  When installing into a prefix owned by root, it is recommended that the package be configured and built as a regular user, and only the `make install' phase executed with root privileges.
			  
			  Optionally, type `make installcheck' to repeat any self-tests, but this time using the binaries in their final installed location. This target does not install anything.  Running this target as a regular user, particularly if the prior `make install' required root privileges, verifies that the installation completed correctly.
			  
			  You can remove the program binaries and object files from the source code directory by typing `make clean'.  To also remove the files that `configure' created (so you can compile the package for a different kind of computer), type `make distclean'.  There is also a `make maintainer-clean' target, but that is intended mainly for the package's developers.  If you use it, you may have to get all sorts of other programs in order to regenerate files that came with the distribution.
			  
			  Often, you can also type `make uninstall' to remove the installed files again.  In practice, not all packages have tested that uninstallation works correctly, even though it is required by the GNU Coding Standards.
			  
			  Some packages, particularly those that use Automake, provide `make distcheck', which can by used by developers to test that all other targets like `make install' and `make uninstall' work correctly. This target is generally not run by end users.
			  ```
-
- # ~~From ChatGPT~~
	- **Install Required Dependencies**:
		- libbitcoin-explorer has some dependencies that need to be installed first. Use the following command to install them:
		  id:: 6609a0d3-cf79-4ea2-95c2-1e9dfe31ce76
			- `sudo apt install build-essential git cmake libtool autotools-dev automake pkg-config bsdmainutils python3 libssl-dev libevent-dev libboost-system-dev libboost-filesystem-dev libboost-chrono-dev libboost-test-dev libboost-thread-dev libboost-all-dev libprotobuf-dev protobuf-compiler libqrencode-dev libzmq3-dev libsqlite3-dev libpgm-dev libsodium-dev`
	- **Clone the libbitcoin Repository**:
		- Next, you need to clone the libbitcoin-explorer repository from GitHub.
			- `git clone https://github.com/libbitcoin/libbitcoin-explorer.git`
				-
	- **Build and Install libbitcoin-explorer**:
		- Move into the libbitcoin-explorer directory and create a build directory for the build process. Then, run cmake to configure the build and make to compile the source code.
			- `cd libbitcoin-explorer`
			- `mkdir build`
			- `cd build`
			- `cmake .. -DWITH_ICU=OFF`
			- `make`
		- If the build is successful, you can install it using the following command:
			- `sudo make install`
	- **NOTE: This is just complicated beyond belief.  Many extra packages to install, many configuration tweaks, it's just too much.**
	  background-color:: red
- # Notes I have previously used.
- Libbitcoin requires a C++11 compiler, currently minimum [GCC 4.8.0](https://gcc.gnu.org/projects/cxx0x.html) or Clang based on [LLVM 3.5](http://llvm.org/releases/3.5.0/docs/ReleaseNotes.html).
- Install the [build system](http://wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_build_system) (Automake minimum 1.14) and git:
	- `sudo apt-get install build-essential autoconf automake libtool pkg-config git`
- Next download the [install script](https://github.com/libbitcoin/libbitcoin/blob/version3/install.sh) and enable execution:
	- `cd ~/Downloads`
	- `wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/libbitcoin/libbitcoin/version3/install.sh`
	- `chmod +x install.sh`
- Finally install libbitcoin with recommended build options:
	- ``./install.sh --prefix=`pwd` --build-boost --disable-shared``
- Libbitcoin is now installed in `/home/greg/myprefix/`.
- **NOTE: Sometimes it just hangs while compiling.  I suspect there is something with low memory and slow disk speed.**
  background-color:: red
- **NOTE: When it doesn't hang, I believe it successfully completes but there is no 'bin' directory and obviously no 'bx' application.  WHU?
  background-color:: red
- # libbitcoin-explorer
- **configure: error: libzmq >= 4.3.5 is required but was not found.**
- **Install Prerequisites and Tools**:
	- `sudo apt install build-essential autoconf automake libtool pkg-config git g++ clang libzmq5`
- **Clone the repository**
	- `cd ~/Downloads`
	- `**git clone https://github.com/libbitcoin/libbitcoin-explorer.git`
- **Build**:
	- ``./install.sh --prefix=`pwd`/prefix --build-dir `pwd`/build --build-boost --build-zmq --disable-shared``
- **Move 'bx' to my bin directory
	- ``cp `pwd`/prefix/bin//bx ~/bin/.``