# [[CenterWell Pharmacy]]
	- Noel:
		- Issue description: Please cancel the two prescriptions that you are currently filling. They were called in by mistake and I need them filled by tomorrow. I will have them filled locally.
	- Noel:
		- Hello, it is my pleasure to assist you, please allow me a moment to access your account.
	- Noel:
		- Hi Sondra, thank you for reaching us here at Centerwell Pharmacy, I can definitely assist you in cancelling the order. And I can assure you that you have an expert on the line to assist you with this.
	- Noel:
		- Is that for,
			- MIDODRINE 5MG TAB
			  GABAPENTIN 100MG CAP
	- Sondra L:
		- Yes.
	- Noel:
		- You are no longer taking the medication?
	- Sondra L:
		- No, I need the refill by tomorrow and it will take the better part of two weeks for you to fill them.  I will have them filled locally.
	- Noel:
		- Stay with me, I will connect you over to our technicians to cancel the order.
	- Please wait while we transfer your chat to the next available agent.
	- Ashley is your new agent for the chat session.
	- Ashley:
		- Hello, it is my pleasure to assist you. I am a Licensed Pharmacy Technician with CenterWell Pharmacy. Please allow me a moment to access your account.
	- Ashley:
		- Good morning, Sondra. I understand you would like to cancel the order containing Gabapentin 100mg, is that correct?
	- Ashley:
		- I apologize, that order also contains Midodrine as well.
	- Sondra L:
		- Yes and Midodrine.
	- Ashley:
		- Perfect, thank you. The order has been cancelled. The prescription(s) for Gabapentin 100mg and Midodrine 5mg will remain on your account until you request it to be filled.
	- Sondra L:
		- Thank you for your help.