# [[Sandy]]
	- ## Nurse Danielle T at 5/16/2024  1:20 PM
		- Sandy was seen in MOTC today for a 1 week follow up.
		- Her weight is up to 180# after holding bumex x1 week. Decision was made to restart at 1mg daily.
		- SPO2 stable at 96%. Eating 1500-2000 calories a day, 82-152g proten a day, and drinking 92-128oz of liquids a day.
		- She was given the okay to return home to Colorado indefinitely.
		- She will continue weekly labs at Good Samaritan Medical Center. Instructed to continue food logs for a few more weeks during the transition back to Colorado. We will schedule her for yearly follow up in 1 year with Dr. Olivera.
		- She will work on getting re-established with her immunologist in Colorado so they can resume management of her IVIG.
		- She is also going to switch PCP providers in Colorado, will update me on who this will be.
		- Danielle M Treska, RN
		  2:18 PM, 5/16/2024
	- ## Patient Instructions
		- ### Nurse Danielle T at 5/16/2024  1:20 PM
			- -- restart Bumex 1mg once a day
			- -- ok to return home to Colorado indefinitely [[Going Home]]
			- -- continue weekly labs at Good Samaritan Medical Center
			- -- continue food logs for a few more weeks during the transition back to Colorado
			- -- Will schedule you for yearly follow up with Dr. Olivera
			- -- Next IVIG will be in Colorado with your Colorado provider, get an appointment with them ASAP
			- -- Follow up with PCP in Colorado in a few weeks upon return
			- -- 402-559-5000 with question or concerns
-