# [[block_scan]]
	- Everything is looking good.
	- Added a log to track progress:
		- ``crontab -e``
			- ``0  */1  *   *   *    echo "`/usr/bin/date "+\%D \%T"` | `/usr/bin/wc -l < /home/greg/Database/new_address`"  >> /home/greg/Database/count``
	- [[logrotate]]
		- I want to configure it to rotate the log file to prevent it from growing too big to look through.
- # [[The Duke]] [[Landing]]
	- A lot of noise outside in the parking lot this morning.  It looks like they are going to replace the roof on the building.
	- Where is the car.
		- So they needed to use all the parking spaces outside the building to stage the roofing materials.  Sometime in the past couple of days they posted a notice but since we haven't been out we never saw it.
		- It was towed a couple of buildings down.  Now I have to figure out how to get [[Sandy]] to the car.
- # [[LogSeq]]
	- On the desktop the application always resets to 'light' if it is stopped and restarted.  This isn't happening on the laptop.
		- There is a discussion on this subject and the developers looking for what went wrong.
- # [[Sandy]] [[Hepatology]]
	- Clinic
		- It's OK to travel to Dallas for the eclipse.
			- The weather is not expected to be good.  Cloudy in the AM changing to rain afternoon right when the eclipse is supposed to start.
		- [[magnesium]]
			- I asked if there is an alternate form for taking it.
				- Sandy is going to the bathroom a lot and the magnesium is the primary suspect for the cause.
				- The only other method is an IV.
		- [[tacrolimus]]
			- The FK 506 numbers are still a little low after increasing from 0.5 mg once a day to 0.5 mg twice a day.
				- New dosage is 1 mg twice a day.
		- [[TPN]]
			- Sandy has been eating well enough to drop from 7 nights a week to only 3 nights a week.