# [[HomeLab]]
	- Today hasn't been a good day.  I have been attempting to switch back to the production version (Docker through Kubernetes) and having a LOT of problems.  Just random crap.  Something wouldn't work then it would work.  The final straw came when the screen went dark.  I had it connected to an HDMI input to the TV so I could see there was a signal but nothing would display.  After unplugging everything and removing the CMOS battery it started working again.  But I was still having random failures for no apparent reason.  I finally decided the CPU and/or motherboard was bad so I am returning it.
	- Because of the above I pulled the OLD HP motherboard to use to get something going.  It's an old dual core Athlon and only 4GB memory but it is wore or less working.  (Actually working but not very well because of it's age and amount of memory).
	- I have been bouncing around trying to get 'rsync' (HyperBackup), 'SyncThing' and a few other applications running.
		- I got 'rsync' (HyperBackup) running but it isn't going to be useful as a synchronization tool.
		- 'SyncThing' is new (for me) on both Synology and TrueNAS so not much luck there.
			- Plus I am terrified that when it synchronizes stuff it will delete the Synology folder and the data will be gone.
	- I am going to have to pick an app and go through the learning curve and make it work.
		- I am leaning toward 'Mealie' or 'Paperless'.  Both of these applications are contained on the server which eliminates the communication stack.  I'll let you know tomorrow which way I go.