# [[Sandy]]
	- **02:44** While in the ER she had a seizure.  At least that's what the Doctors said and they were there when it happened.
		- It is likely this also happened back at the apartment last night.
		- Not much else to say other than they admitted her to the step down unit on the 5th floor.
		- Nobody is coming up with any theories why this is happening.
	- **09:07**  The step down nurse was just here and wants to transfer Sandy to ICU.  She is very concerned about Sandy's airway and lungs.  When she breaths you can hear congestion but she isn't making any signs of clearing like coughing etc.
	- **09:20**  Transplant Doctor came by and said they are going to move her to ICU.
	- **09:39**  [[Respiratory]]
		- Inhaler and breathing treatment.
	- **09:52**  In the ICU (8857)
	- I think all the teams have been through and there are a couple of theories but not enough evidence to advance anything past a theory. They will be:
		- ```
		  Hooking her up to an EEG
		  Doing a MRI
		  Possibly doing a lumbar puncture if the above two are negative.
		  ```
	- **12:12** [[Endocrinology]]
		- Going to hook her up to an insulin drip.
	- **15:15** [[Respiratory]] (around then)
		- Intubation
	- **15:00** [[Neurology]]  (around then)
		- EEG is connected and running to see any abnormal patterns or catch another event.
		- Remote chance that the Tacrolimus can or is causing the problem.
	- **15:00** MRI (around then)
		- 1. No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage, mass effect, or acute infarction.
		- 2. No evidence of mesial temporal sclerosis.
		- 3. Contrast failure on postcontrast imaging. Postcontrast imaging is nondiagnostic.