# [[HomeLab]]
	- It has been a while and I believe this is a rename of a different subject but here we are.
	- I have the hardware for the new home server up and "running".
		- There was an incident with the HDD mounts that I will probably cover elsewhere but suffice to say it was a FAIL.  I haven't started yet but have a corrective plan in place.
	- I wasn't completely satisfied with how OMV handled BtrFS so I thought I would give TrueNAS a shot on physical hardware.
		- Previously I had it running in a VirtualBox and the test didn't go very well.
	- I am happy to say that it is running very well on physical hardware.
	- I believe that this 'first' install is only going to be a test though.
		- Without experimentation time in VirtualBox there were some missteps that are bad enough to warrant starting over.
		- The main issue is getting data synchronized between the Synology server and the TrueNAS server.
			- My first attempt was to simply 'rsync' the data from Synology to TrueNAS but that didn't go very well.  Synology messes with file permissions to the extent that it was causing failures on the TrueNAS server.  Plus this is only a copy not a synchronization.
		- I am looking into using SyncThing as the main tool to keep everything synchronized.
			- I played with it a little when we were in Omaha and the Synology server went down with good results.
			- Fingers crossed that it will work across the board for everything.
	- DONE:
		- The list is fairly small but larger than nothing.
		- [[Reverse-Proxy]]
			- I installed Nginx on an old Raspberry Pi 2B and it is working.  I can access stuff internally as well as externally.
			- [[TODO]] I need to install Fail2Ban or other tool to protect the internal from the external.
		- [[HumHub]]
			- It is back online.
			- [[TODO]] Move to the TrueNAS server.
		- [[Docker-Mealie]]
			- It is back online.
				- [[TODO]] Move to the TrueNAS server.
		- [[Paperless-ngx]]
			- [[TODO]] Move to the TrueNAS server.