# [[Sandy]]
	- **10:24** I thought she was on the uphill side but her temperature was 100.6 this morning.  Blood pressure was on the low side, heart rate was on the high side.  I guess we will see what the transplant team has to say this afternoon.  She did drink a Premier Protein and accepted a protein coffee and drank the Premier Protein but only sipped the coffee.
	- **14:17**  Back from the transplant clinic appointment.
		- They are very concerned with the constant elevated temperature and think she should be in the hospital but are stopping short of recommending it.
		- Food intake was good until the fever started.
		- Fluid intake is good but would like to see fewer days of only 70 to 80 and more 100 plus days.
		- Elevated glucose levels are likely a result of the elevated temperatures. (infection)
		- If temperature hits 101 or in the 100 - 101 range for an extended period of time, **GO TO THE ER**.
- # [[NiMH Batteries]]
	- I have a bunch of old NiMH batteries that are not working very well.  I was wondering is there is a good method for reconditioning them so I asked #ChatGPT.
- # #GitHub
	- With my #Synology box dropping it's external connection all the time I decided to try using #GitHub to synchronize files across platforms.
- # [[The Duke]] [[Landing]]
	- I went to the office to ask why nobody has been here to look at the microwave yet.
		- The answer was that they cam and fixed the problem.  I said this is curious since it isn't working and we have been hone almost the entire time.  There was also no note left saying they were here.
	- Later in the afternoon someone came by to look at it and confirmed that; yes it is broken and needs to be replaced.  The problem is they don't have one and need to order one.