# [[Sandy]]
	- I am expecting a battle today.  I will run it by the team first but I believe that she needs to go the the hospital.  I started the conversation with her last night and she wants nothing to do with going through the ER.
		- I checked her temperature a few times last night and for the most part it was in the 88 - 89 range drooping shortly after she went to bed.
		- I am becoming very concerned that she isn't peeing.  Rather not peeing as much as she should.  She is still drinking and there already is noticeable fluid retention.
		- The only nutrition she had yesterday was two protein drinks and some water (Crystal Light).
	- **13:45** Took a shower earlier.  Most likely to be ready for the clinic appointment tomorrow but the reason isn't important.  It was at her request and she is moving.  That's the important thing.
	- **17:55**  Well it isn't over and she isn't completely better but she is better.  I have taken her temperature three or four times today and they have all been mid 98.  This is maybe a degree warmer than she is usually but well within a "normal" range.
	- **17:58**  Still not eating like she should but she is eating.  She asked for a sandwich for lunch but still only hinting that she "might" eat something for supper.
- # #LogSeq
	- I installed a new plugin that will insert a timestamp into the text.  I hope to use this when journaling to record the time-of-day an entry was made.
	- ```
	  ctl-t ito insert the current time into the text stream.
	  shift-ctl-t to create a title-3 in the text stream.
	  ```
- # #[[Application How-To]]
	- I have most of the information ported from notes stored on Google and the stuff I input into [[NoteStation]].  I am probably not going to port over the remaining stuff as it is all old and probably obsolete.  In any case I haven't looked at them in years.