# [[Xfinity]] 800-934-6489
	- The following is the chat transcript trying to get January and Febuary bill corrected.
		- Xfinity Assistant
		- Sunday 3/10 12:00 PM
			- For confirmation, May I know your concern Greg.
				- Doesn't sound like you are picking up where we left off.
			- As I can see you were talking about regrading your bill.
			- I asked for clear confirmation so I can assist you better.
				- I put my service on some sort of away from home and I am getting bills for full service. The bill was supposed to me about $70 per month. It is being billed at $250 per month.
			- For confirmation, you put seasonal hold on your services ?
				- I had a chat with someone a couple of weeks ago who said they would get back is a few days. I have not heard anything.
			- Again. YES!
			- Thank you for letting me know. I can understand how you might be feeling right now.
			- You are connected with the right agent and I will get this rectified for you.
			- For confirmation Greg, may I know when did you put your services on seasonal hold.
				- OK. This is not working. I gave all this information when I chatted weeks ago. Please pull the record and read it.
				- I can't keep repeating myself over and over.
			- I can totally understand you Greg but due to limited access and security purposes, we don't have access to view previous conversation with the advisor.
				- Then I am wasting my time with you. Please connect me with someone that can help without me repeating everything over and over. I was supposed to head back by now from my previous conversation. I sounds like this is just going nowhere.
			- I will check this for you.
				- There are two possibilities here. Option 1 is that the seasonal hold rate is billed beginning in January. Option #2 is that I pay the current bill and cancel service. There is no way that I am going to continue paying for something that I can not use.
			- Thanks for waiting. Please allow me another moment
			- As I can see from my side , you have used services both in Jan and Feb month.
			- You have used 41GB in Jan and 149GB in Feb month.
			- I could had helped you if usage was 0GB.
				- I am talking about television service not internet service.
			- Thank you for your confirmation.
			- Greg , as I have checked , I will be transferring our chat to the dedicated team who can assist you better with this.
			- You are now transferred and chatting with KATHLEEN KYLE, an Xfinity Live Agent
			- Hi, my name is KATHLEEN KYLE. I see you have been chatting with another team member. Let me review that information so I can pick up right where you left off.
			- Thank you so much for patiently waiting. I do apologize for being transferred couple of times. Greg. I just reviewed your previous chat and you have concern about your bill. No worries I got you on this.
			- Allow mw to review your previous conversation before in your files. Please bear with me.
			- May I know if you had recent changes on your account aside from seasonal plan?
				- I have not added or removed any television packages.
			- Copy! Thank you so much for confirming.
				- I have been out of town for medical reasons and have only been home for a few days here and there.
			- Thanks for the additional details. Let me check it here real quick.
				- It was only supposed to be a couple of months and this would have been a simple method for continuous service. It is looking like I will be better off just canceling.
			- I will going to check for that here as well.
			- Thank you so much for patiently waiting, Greg. Upon some checks. I see that your account was put on seasonal account on November and December that is why your bill was around $70 and on January the Seasonal plan was lift up and it brings up all of your services active.
			- As of now, your next statement on March is $77.20 as your account is put back on seasonal plan and on April your bill will be $45.58
				- Yes. I put the seasonal hold back in place on Jan 5th. Why did it not take effect until March. Also why is it going from $77 to $45?
			- The reason why your bill on April is $45.58 because the broadcast fees was not yet included.
			- Please expect changes as this will be updated.
				- OK. I can't use the television component and don't mind the lower bill. Please elaborate what changes I am to expect coming/\.
			- Got that. I checked here that your seasonal was started last February 21, 2024. Also, your bill on February had prorated credit adjustment to compensate the bill you had on January.
				- OK, I think. I'll wait for the updated bill and go from there.
				- Thank you for your assistance.
			- Copy on that, Greg. Pleasure is always mine. ^_^
			- I hope despite the long wait I was able to give you great customer service and answer your concern with satisfaction. Before we wrap up, is there anything else I can help you with?
				- No. Thanks again.
			- Noted ^_^
			- Live Agent Chat ended
			- Thank you for contacting us.
			- Thinking about your chat with us, how likely are you to recommend Xfinity to friends and family? Reply from 0 Not at all Likely to 10 Extremely Likely.
			- To return to the Xfinity Assistant, type exit.
			- 5
			- We’d love to know more! Can you tell us a little bit about why you answered 5 as your likelihood to recommend Xfinity? To skip enter 1.
			- Agents need to be able to review previous chats so customers don't have to repeat themselves over and over and over.
			- Did the Representative resolve your issue? Please type yes or no.
		- Sunday 3/10 11:41 AM
			- You're eligible for a payment arrangement image
			- You're eligible for a payment arrangement
			- Total balance due: $519.79
			- Past due balance: $419.24
			- Thanks for being an Xfinity customer, Greg. I see that your account has a past due balance and understand that these are challenging times.
			- If you need more time to pay, you can set up a payment arrangement. This lets you schedule a payment for a convenient date as late as Mar 26, 2024 for your past due balance of $419.24. It also allows you to continue enjoying your service.
			- If you do not make a payment by April 03, 2024, your services will be suspended and you may be subject to reactivation fees.
			- What would you like to do?
			- Is there any way to speak to an agent?
			- Thanks, I can help with most issues, but I’ll put you in touch with an agent if you need more assistance. What do you need help with today?
			- Billing
			- How can I help you with your bill?
			- my bill is incorrect. How do I get it corrected?
			- I can help with your billing issue. What's going on?
			- Incorrect charges on my bill
			- I think you might need some help from a live agent. Do you want me to put you in touch with one of our specialists?
			- Chat with agent
			- Got it. I'll put you in touch with a live agent now.
			- Live agent chat canceled
			- Hi Greg, thank you for contacting Xfinity. My name is Syed. I see you may have questions about a charge on your bill. Is that correct?
			- Yes.
			- About two weeks I chated with someone about my bill. At that time they said they would get back to me in a couple days. It's been a couple of weeks and no reply.
			- I can understand!
			- Let me pull up the account and review it.
			- May I please have your full name to verify your account?
			- GREGORY LEONHARDT
			- Thank you for verifying.
			- Just to confirm is this your service address 5670 W 118th Ave, Westminster, CO 80020?
			- Yes.
			- Perfect, thank you for confirming.
			- May I know did you put a seasonal hold on your account?
			- Yes.
			- Thanks for confirming.
			- I haven't heard from you for a bit. I'm happy to continue assisting you.
			- Please ignore the above auto generated message,
			- I haven't heard from you for a bit. I'm happy to continue assisting you.
			- Sorry, the chat agent has been disconnected. Please wait while we try to reconnect you.
			- Are you still there?
			- You are now transferred and chatting with MUSKAN, an Xfinity Live Agent
			- Hi, my name is MUSKAN. I see you have been chatting with another team member. Let me review that information so I can pick up right where you left off.
			- Thank you.
			- Pleasure is mine Greg.
			- Ask a brief question...