# [[Sandy]]
	- **09:33**   Morning Observations:
		- [[PT]] was here when I walked in the door [[PT]] was working with her.  In bed exercised but did go out for a walk to the end of the hall and back.
		- DONE Ask about Bumex.
			- Being addressed by the [[Hepatology]] team.
		- DONE Ask about TPN going 24/7.
			- Being address by the [[Hepatology]] team.
		- The orders are in to transfer down to the 5th floor.
			- Waiting for a room to be available.
	- **10:43** [[Endocrinology]]
		- Switched from [[NPH]] to a timed injection of [[NovoLog]] was to:
			- Get a better read on the amount of insulin needed.
			- Be in a position of stopping [[insulin]] at a moments notice and not have residual [[NPH]] or [[NovoLog 70-30]] in her system.
		- Still doing carbohydrate counting.
	- **11:23** [[Hepatology]]
		- ICU Doctors are in charge of Bumex but she will talk to the team to see about restrting it.
		- Agreed that the TPN should be changed to overnight to give [[Endocrinology]] the ability to find the right dosage of [[insulin]].
	- **13:13** [[Infectious Disease]]
		- Contrary to the initial report; since both coulters started around the same time the central line is **NOT** excluded as the source.
			- There isn't any real change in treatment.
				- The Central Line will not be replaced
				- The treatment will continue for two weeks because a clear source has not ben identified.
					- A small change is that the treatment will be IV (no pills) for the entire two weeks.
	-
- # [[LogSeq]]
	- ## logseq-plugin-git
		- There isn't any way to schedule a git commit and I don't want a minute by minute change log.
			- It would be nice to be able to configure a commit first thing in the morning, when the LogSeq starts or something like that.
- # [[Thunderbird]]
	- TODO There is a lot (everything but recipe archive) stuff missing.
		- Pull this stuff from older archives and restore it.
- # [[schema.org Recipe]]
  Source:: https://schema.org/Recipe
- # [[Louise Leonhardt Estate]]
	- [Re  Response to Request of Information Concerning Ms. Leonhardt's Trust - Lena Zeebuyth (lzeebuyth@brentwoodlg.com) - 2024-04-26 1204.eml](../../../assets/Re_Response_to_Request_of_Information_Concerning_Ms_1729212185357_0. Leonhardt's Trust - Lena Zeebuyth (lzeebuyth@brentwoodlg.com) - 2024-04-26 1204.eml)
	-