# [[Sandy]]
id:: 65f8781e-11c2-4580-9410-d57afee373fa
	- Yesterday she was tired and slept most of the day.  In the morning she said she was cold but her morning vitals were good with her temperature at 97.7.  Not long after it was in 98, and 99 and stayed there all day.  For the day she was she was low for eating, drinking, and exercise.  Around 2:00am this morning I was going to take her temperature but when I felt her forehead she didn't feel warm so I didn't
	- This morning started early as Cindy (home healthcare nurse) would be here to take blood draws and change the central line bandage.
	- Morning vitals were all good with the possible exception of weight.  Sandy is starting to shake again and it was hard to get a stable reading.  My take on what I was sort of seeing on the scale was that her weight had dropped three to five pounds.
	- Danielle (Nebraska Med) called soon after Cindy left to say that Sandy's calcium was low (from last weeks testing) and that she should get more calcium (Tums).  New dosage is two (2) tablets three times a day.
- # LogSeq
	- New program [to me] that I think will work for my notes organization.
	- I installed it on Windows and imputing some existing notes to see.  Fingers crossed.
	- So with a little experimentation I discovered that LogSeq looks through the directory/File structure every time it comes back into focus.  The result is that if I create a new file in the appropriate directory the entry will just appear when switching back to the application.
	- First project:
		- Transfer existing notes  from Synology Notes and Google to a LogSeq notebook  Application How-To.  I hope this isn't a giant waste of time.
- # [[The Duke]] [[Landing]]
- I went to the office to open a ticket for the broken microwave.