# [[Sandy]]
	- **04:34** Temperature 100.8.
		- I know it's over the new tripwire level but I want to give her every opportunity to stay out of the hospital.
	- **05:02** Temperature 101.3
		- Well that's it. We have to get to the hospital.  Naturally she is doing everything she can to not go but she realizes that is is going to happen.
	- **05:08** I gave her some Tylenol to knock back the temperature.
	- **05:35** We are off to the hospital. [[Hospitalizations]]
	- **06:29** We have been here for about an hour and just now moving from the waiting area to a room.  All-in-all fairly quick.
	- **07:28**  Blood samples are all taken and the doctor came by.  Nothing to do now but sit back and wait for the doctors to decide what to do next.
	- **08:24**  Good thing we came in when we did. Her blood pressure dropped 81/34 (47) and the first blood test in has her hemoglobin at 5.3.
	- **13:04**  Just started the second unit of blood up in ICU (room 8851).  They have run a whole bunch of blood and other tests, CT scan.  So far the only things they found are the low hemoglobin and low magnesium. I haven't heard anything about what is causing the infection.
	- **13:09** [[Endocrinology]]: According the the tests this morning she is hyper thyroid. Previously she was hypo thyroid.  I expect this means something but I don't know what it is.
	- **13:32** [[Infectious Disease]]: He doesn't think it's an infection.  He is looking for a cause for the blood loss.
	- **14:02**  [[Hepatology]] No answers as to what is going on.
	- **14:24** [[Infectious Disease]]: Going to restart the antibiotic with something different.
	- **14:53**  [[Nephrology]] Nothing to add for a diagnosis.  Concerned that the blood pressure is so low.  [NOTE: It did go up but is dropping again.]
	- **15:34**  [[Endocrinology]] They are looking at two tests (T4 Free & TSH).  Normally when one is high the other is low but for Sandy, both are high.  The Dr. is at a loss for how this can be so she is going to have the test re-run.  Also increasing a medication to force the blood vessels to constrict.  This "SHOULD" increase Sandy's blood pressure.
	-
	- # #[[Dell Inspiron 14 2-in-1]]
		- The power adapter connection to the laptop is flaking out now and then. Anyway I was wondering if the laptop supports USB charging so I downloaded the reference guide.  From what I can see it does **NOT**.
- # #[[Louise Leonhardt Estate]]
	- [Response to Request of Information Concerning Ms. Leonhardt's Trust - Lena Zeebuyth (lzeebuyth@brentwoodlg.com) - 2024-03-22 1136.eml](../assets/Response_to_Request_of_Information_Concerning_Ms_1711399417089_0. Leonhardt's Trust - Lena Zeebuyth (lzeebuyth@brentwoodlg.com) - 2024-03-22 1136.eml)