# [[Sandy]]
	- **09:44**  Morning Observations:
		- She is sound asleep and barely woke up when I came in.  She said hi and almost immediately went back to sleep.
		- Her face is red.  I noticed it a little yesterday and didn't think much of it but now it's still there.
		- Her right led is very full of fluid again.  As everything else is, face, hands etc.
			- Nurse says there is no [[Bumex]] in the medication list.
	- **10:21** [[PT]] The nursing staff just had her in the chair when [[PT]] came in and took her for a walk.  A little longer than yesterday and a decent distance for someone in the [[ICU]].  Came back and sat in the chair again.
	- **10:54**  Heart ultrasound.  (Back to bed.)
	- **10:55** [[Endocrinology]] Going to get off the [[insulin]] drip and go back to Sliding Scale and Carb Count.
	- **11:54** [[Infectious Disease]]Recommending [[MRCP]] because there isn't a clear reason for the infection.
		- The infection is from a bacteria that lives in the gut and there was a significant blood loss.  The [[MRCP]] is being done to isolate where the blood leak is.
		- If they can identify the source of the infection antibiotics for 7 days  if not 14 days.
			- Will transition to pill form when discharged from the hospital.
	- **13:46** [[Hepatology]]  I was out getting lunch so this is what [[Sandy]] said.
		- In and out, only here for a couple of minutes.
		- No need for the [[MRCP]].  No explation why or the cause of the blood loss.
		- Should be transferring to the fifth (5th) floor.
	- **14:28**  According to the nurse Carb Counting for [[insulin]] isn't being done anymore.  They are changing to timed [[insulin]] injections.
		- **THIS IS A BAD IDEA AND WILL NOT WORK WHEN SANDY STARTS EATING!!**
- # [[Louise Leonhardt Estate]]
	- I didn't see the March 22 e-Mail until today.
		- Missing pages, duplicate pages and ends in 2021.
		- Exactly $5.000 most months.
		- Some months no withdrawals.
		- Some months two $5,000 withdrawals.
			- Possibly timing between payments and statement dates.
		- Definitely looks like all of Louise's care was being paid from this account.
	- [Re  Response to Request of Information Concerning Ms. Leonhardt's Trust - Greg Leonhardt (gregleonhardt@gmail.com) - 2024-03-25 1131.eml](../../../assets/Re_Response_to_Request_of_Information_Concerning_Ms_1729212018188_0. Leonhardt's Trust - Greg Leonhardt (gregleonhardt@gmail.com) - 2024-03-25 1131.eml)
	- [Re  Response to Request of Information Concerning Ms. Leonhardt's Trust - Greg Leonhardt (gregleonhardt@gmail.com) - 2024-03-25 1139.eml](../../../assets/Re_Response_to_Request_of_Information_Concerning_Ms_1729212048691_0. Leonhardt's Trust - Greg Leonhardt (gregleonhardt@gmail.com) - 2024-03-25 1139.eml)
	- [Re  Response to Request of Information Concerning Ms. Leonhardt's Trust - Greg Leonhardt (gregleonhardt@gmail.com) - 2024-03-25 1231.eml](../../../assets/Re_Response_to_Request_of_Information_Concerning_Ms_1729212065066_0. Leonhardt's Trust - Greg Leonhardt (gregleonhardt@gmail.com) - 2024-03-25 1231.eml)
	- [Re  Response to Request of Information Concerning Ms. Leonhardt's Trust - Greg Leonhardt (gregleonhardt@gmail.com) - 2024-03-25 1239.eml](../../../assets/Re_Response_to_Request_of_Information_Concerning_Ms_1729212080764_0. Leonhardt's Trust - Greg Leonhardt (gregleonhardt@gmail.com) - 2024-03-25 1239.eml)
	- [Re  Response to Request of Information Concerning Ms. Leonhardt's Trust - Greg Leonhardt (gregleonhardt@gmail.com) - 2024-03-25 1502.eml](../../../assets/Re_Response_to_Request_of_Information_Concerning_Ms_1729212097627_0. Leonhardt's Trust - Greg Leonhardt (gregleonhardt@gmail.com) - 2024-03-25 1502.eml)
	-