# [[Sandy]] 
82.8 Kg. 182.16 Lb. [+ 1.32]
	- The morning started out eventful.  It started normal enough where Sandy was nauseous and asked for something to settle down her stomach.  Well it didn't come fast enough and she barfed all over the place.  Green kind of lumpy and a fair amount.  This was somewhat curious since she hasn't eaten for a couple of days.  The nurse said it is kind of normal and the green is bile.
	- We had a long chat with Misty this morning about tube feeding.  Not getting the volume they think Sandy is getting.  The volume Sandy is getting is making her nauseous.  Sandy isn't eating at all because of the tube feeding.  Now what will the outcome be.
	- Misty used some new words to describe Sandy's condition.  [Actually similar words have been used previously but not as a statement.]  The core problem is that the new liver isn't working like it should.  There are no signs of rejection or the liver being sick but it isn't working.  That is the cause for the ascites, etc.
	- A couple of rather significant things:
		- The team had a "big" meeting about Sandy this morning.
		- Their plan is to do a 'TIPS' procedure.  This should allow more blood to pass through the liver to relieve the portal hypertension.  This in turn should cure the ascites.  Possible down side is that it could allow too much blood to bypass the liver and the encephalopathy could return.  If this happens they can reverse the TIPS by plugging the bypass tube.
		- Tube feeds are boing away to be replaces with an IV based feeding regiment.  I don't know any specifics of how this will work but it should cure the nausea from tube feeding and increase her appetite.