# [[Sandy]]
	- 72.1 Kg 158.62 Lb. [- 12.1]
		- The paracentesis was done yesterday but they only took off 2.6 liters.  I just don't understand.  2.6 liters is only 5.7 but she weighs 12 pounds less today than yesterday.
		- Still very concerned about her nutrition.  The doctors are still saying that even with the tube feedings she isn't getting the nutrition she needs.  This is one of the many open questions: maybe I should start a list.
		- New (or rejoining the case) are blood and infectious disease doctors.
		- Infectious disease had been following (and to some extent have always been in the background) for the CMV.  There is a new infection brewing so they will be following it again.
		- The blood doctors are primarily going to be looking at her nutrition and why she isn't absorbing what she needs from what she is getting.  (At least that is my current understanding.)
		- On a positive note her blood sugars are getting both better and the amount of insulin given is also going down.  This had been explained as another absorption problem.  I suppose that slowing the heart rate from 115's to 85's is beginning to show some improvement in insulin absorption and also allowing CO2 to be removed.
		- We went for a short and a long walk today.  We didn't get very far from the door with just me but later the PT nurse went with her and I was behind with a wheel chair.  This way Sandy doesn't have to worry about leaving enough in the tank to get back to the room.  She just goes as far as she can, sits in the chair for a bit then walks back.