# [[Sandy]]
	- 81.5 Kg. 179.30 Lb. [+ 20.68] ???
		- Soo they did it again.  Sandy was supposed to have a liver biopsy today so she was NPO last night and didn't get her tube feeds.  This morning the procedure was cancelled and rescheduled for tomorrow.  (Still trying to understand why the ascites won't go away.)
		- After over three weeks in the hospital Sandy is getting a little depressed so psychology is another department on the team.  A student doctor came by and talked to her for a while.  He is supposed to be back with his managing doctor later.  No idea what they are talking about as I leave the room so Sandy can say whatever she wants.
		- Current thinking (by the doctors) is that the ascites is because of lack of exercise, nutrition, and low white blood cells.  Sandy has been walking as much as she can.  The tube feeds are messed up so nutrition is off and there is a new shot of something to stimulate the manufacturing of white blood cells.  [The first of the new shots was yesterday and the white blood cell level went up but still a little low.)
			- Today's Changes:
				- Her numbers for  IVIG are a little lower than they like so she is getting it early (today) and increases dose. (I think they said x2.)
			- History:
				- Culture Result Gram Stain result: Gram Negative Rods in Anaerobic Bottle Only.
				- Culture Result Time to detection:
					- 2day,10hrs, 40min
					- Culture Result Notified:
					- R.Huber PA at 0825 on 8.7.23 by K.Cortese 310889 Rb
					- Call subsequent positives.
					- Culture Result See Direct Blood Pathogen Identification Panel for rapid identification panel.
					- Culture Result Klebsiella pneumoniae POSITIVE for Extended Spectrum Beta-Lactamase (ESBL)
					- Culture Result This is an extended spectrum Beta-lactamase (ESBL) producing strain which is clinically resistant to cephalosporins and aztreonam. Although isolates that produce ESBLs may be susceptible or intermediate to Piperacillin/Tazobactam, clinical efficacy has not been documented. The Infectious Disease Service may be consulted.
				- General Information
					- Ordered by John Brian Thornton
					- Collected on 08/04/2023 7:58 PM from Blood, Peripheral Draw (Blood)
					  Resulted on 08/09/2023 10:27 AM