# [[Sandy]]
	- # Progress Notes
		- ## Nurse Danielle T at 2/15/2024  1:00 PM
			- Sandy was seen in clinic today with Dr. Manatsathit and Dianna Larson PA.
			- Her weight is 187#, drinking 72-100oz of fluids, 1320-1964cal a day, and 46-103g of protein a day. She endorses swelling in her legs, increasing. She is getting vocal cords injected on 2/20/24 with collagen for vocal cord paralysis.
			- Husband is requesting and INR check with next labs, and Dr. Shane was wanting to check a CHF peptide with the next labs as well. Would like to get Sandy in with someone to help wrap her leg up to her thigh.
			- We will see her in clinic in 1 week.
			- Called Cindy RN, Reviewed that we are adding a CHF peptide and INR to next labs. She voiced understanding. Asked if they had a specialist with the HHC who could teach the pt how to wrap her leg up to the thigh with an ace bandage. Cindy reviewed that they do not have that. Also reviewed that we are decreasing her TPN to 4 nights a week.
			- Danielle M Treska, RN
			  1:49 PM, 2/15/2024
	- # Patient Instructions
		- ## Nurse Danielle T at 2/15/2024  1:00 PM
		- -- Decrease TPN to 4 nights a week
		- -- check INR and CHF peptide with next labs
		- -- Return 2 clinic in 1 week 2/22/24
- # [[Louise Leonhardt Estate]]
	- **2024-02-15 2128** [Administration of Alice Louise Leonhardt Estate - Joyce Anderson (lazyjoyce@aol.com) - 2024-02-15 2128.eml](../assets/Administration_of_Alice_Louise_Leonhardt_Estate_-_Joyce_Anderson_(lazyjoyce@aol_1712771189584_0.com) - 2024-02-15 2128.eml)
		- Dear Steven Brower,
		- My
		  siblings and I are in receipt of the documents you sent regarding the 
		  estate of Alice Louise Leonhardt.  We find it difficult to blindly agree
		  and sign the settlement waiver without additional information.
		- Our
		  understanding and belief is that the remainder of the estate is now 
		  entirely in the Chase Account and is to be divided amongst the eight (8)
		  surviving children.  If our understanding is correct then we are all in
		  full agreement.  Unfortunately we have no access to any accounting 
		  other than the couple items identified in your letter.
		- Please forgive this dotting of i's and crossing of t's.  We do believe our 
		  understanding is correct but also know there is a difference between 
		  belief and knowledge.  The terms of the settlement waiver require us to 
		  take these steps prior to signing.
		  Also, the settlement waiver has a paradoxical problem.  It states that we 
		  have received a distribution from the estate before signing.  However we
		  must sign the settlement waiver before the distribution can be made.  
		  These two things can not both be true.
		  Sincerely,
		  Joyce Anderson
		  With the permission of:
		  Greg Leonhardt
		  Scott Leonhardt
		  Ruth Leonhardt
		  (All were copied on this email)