# #Sandy
	- **08:59**  Last night recap:
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2024-03-24 Sun 09:20:32]--[2024-03-24 Sun 09:20:33] =>  00:00:01
	  :END:
		- She went down for another CT Scan.  I expect they are still looking for the missing three (3) units of blood.
		- Food service is still as bad as it has been.
		- Weight is creeping up.
		- All her numbers are looking good this morning:
			- Blood Sugar 170's for the past couple of hours and TPN just stopped.
			- Heart Rate, Blood pressure, and everything else is in the normal range. And that is normal not [[Sandy]] normal.
			- Still on insulin drip.
	- **09:36** [[Infectious Disease]] As I thought the CT Scan (with contrast) was done to look for the infection source.
		- They may still be looking at the images but there isn't anything found so far.
		- Also talked a little about when we are back home what to do if another infection comes.  The recommendation was to head to the best facility that time permits.  I am thinking this would probably be [[UCHealth Anschutz]].
	- **09:46** [[Liver]]  Just waiting for [[Infectious Disease]] to finally decide what the infection source is.  This does NOT look like a [[Liver]] or [[Kidney]] problem.
		- The only thing keeping her in ICU is the [[insulin]] drip which is on for TPN which is on because [[Sandy]] isn't eating.
	- **11:26** [[Endocrinology]]  Keeping the [[insulin]] drip going because of steroid use.  Maybe it can be stopped tomorrow after [[TPN]] has finished but may need to restart when [[TPN]] restarts tomorrow night.
- # [[ISP & TV]]
	- It is looking like [[Comcast]] isn't going to fix their billing mistake and I will need a new ISP and TV provider.
	- [[TV]] I looked around a bit and even though I don't like the [[YouTube TV]] user interface the reviews are saying that it is one of the best around.
		- I don't like the lack of channel numbers.  This makes it very difficult to go to the channel/network I want.  The voice control does make this easier but being an old guy who has used channel numbers for the past 70 years; it's a difficult change.
		- The lack of being able to select only first run programs (no re-runs) makes finding recorded content difficult.
		- The lack of a simple list of recorded but unwatched programs makes it difficult to find new content.
	- [[ISP]] There are numerous providers out there.  The two that I am looking at are:
		- [[Century Link]]
		  download-speed:: 940 Mb/s
		  upload-speed:: 507 Mb/s
		  data-cap:: Unlimited (stuff may happen when over 1.2 TB)
		  cost:: $55/month
		  :LOGBOOK:
		  CLOCK: [2024-03-24 Sun 12:29:10]--[2024-03-24 Sun 12:29:10] =>  00:00:00
		  :END:
		- [[T-Mobile]]
		  download-speed:: between 72 – 245 Mb/s
		  upload-speed:: between 15 – 31 Mbps
		  data-cap:: Unlimited (stuff may happen when over 1.2 TB)
		  cost:: $60/month
		-