# #[[Louise Leonhardt Estate]]
	- [Re  Administration of Alice Louise Leonhardt Estate - Stephen Brower (sbrower@brentwoodlg.com) - 2024-02-26 1615.eml](../../../assets/Re_Administration_of_Alice_Louise_Leonhardt_Estate_-_Stephen_Brower_(sbrower@brentwoodlg_1711399151785_0.com) - 2024-02-26 1615.eml)
- # [[Xfinity]] 800-934-6489
	- --- Conversation on 02/26/2024 ---
		- Agent (09:27 pm): Have a great day..:).
			- GREG (09:26 pm): No. Thanks again.
		- Agent (09:26 pm): Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
		- Agent (09:26 pm): You welcome.,:)
			- GREG (09:26 pm): No e-Mail but I did get a text.
			- GREG (09:25 pm): Thank you for you effort in resolving this issue.
		- Agent (09:25 pm): You must have got email too
		- Agent (09:25 pm): Please keep this for you reference.
		- Agent (09:24 pm): This is the ticket for your reference, This should get resolve  in 3-5 business days.
		- Agent (09:24 pm): ECM0006331285
		- Xfinity Assistant (09:23 pm): Hi, it's Xfinity Assistant.Thanks for contacting us today. We've opened case number ECM0006331285 regarding your Seasonal Convenience Plan for 5670 W 118TH AVE. You'll hear from us with a status update in the next 48 hours.TxtHelpOrStopMsg&amp;DataRatesMayApply
			- GREG (09:22 pm): OK.
		- Agent (09:22 pm): Please ignore the automated response I am raising a ticket for that
			- GREG (09:21 pm): I thought I was waiting for you.  What do you need?
		- Agent (09:21 pm):  Please ignore the above text.
		- Agent (09:21 pm): I haven't heard from you for a bit. I'm happy to continue assisting you.
		- Agent (09:17 pm): please be connected
		- Agent (09:17 pm):  I am raising a ticket for that
		- Agent (09:14 pm): I am checking.
		- Agent (09:12 pm): Okay. thank you .
			- GREG (09:12 pm): I don't have the exact date but some time early January.
		- Agent (09:11 pm): account on hold 02/21/2024 to 06/01/2024, please confirm when your account was to be on hold
		- Agent (09:09 pm): I am checking the  details.
		- Agent (09:08 pm): Okay.
			- GREG (09:08 pm): ##.## per month as it was most of last year.  I expect there will be a small addition for the few days in January before renewing.
		- Agent (09:06 pm): According to you can you tell me what you should be  your current bill so that I can cross check
		- Agent (09:04 pm): Let me review the account and get back to you soon,
		- Agent (09:03 pm): Okay
			- GREG (09:03 pm): Yes, then in January I renewed through July.
		- Agent (09:02 pm): Okay, so were on seasonal plan till this january
			- GREG (09:01 pm): Correct.
		- Agent (09:01 pm): so, you are saying you are not using service  from last february
			- GREG (09:00 pm): I haven't been home sine February last year.
		- Agent (08:59 pm): Okay, Can you tell from which time  you were not using theservice
			- GREG (08:58 pm): That is the current bill but it is not correct.
		- Agent (08:58 pm): is that correct ??
		- Agent (08:58 pm): Okay, upon checking i can see that you have  balance of $529.50
			- GREG (08:57 pm): The away from home should have been reinstated early January.
			- GREG (08:57 pm): I am have have been away for an extended period with medical issues.
		- Agent (08:56 pm): on  02/21/2024
			- GREG (08:56 pm): No.
		- Agent (08:56 pm): on  12/31/2023, you changed the plan.
			- GREG (08:55 pm): Yes. I renewed it in early January.  There was a very short period between it expiring and renewing it.
		- Agent (08:54 pm): Also 01/02 to 02/01 it was 70.77
		- Agent (08:53 pm): I can see that  your bill was $70.7 from 12/02 to 01/01
		- Agent (08:52 pm): Checking
			- GREG (08:51 pm): I am supposed to be on an away from home plan about $## per month.
		- Agent (08:51 pm): so  that I can assist you better,
		- Agent (08:51 pm): Can you elaborate your concern
		- Agent (08:50 pm): Let me check the details.
			- GREG (08:50 pm): There is an error in my bill
		- Agent (08:49 pm): Hi Greg, thank you for contacting Xfinity. My name is Mr. How may I help you today?
			- GREG (08:49 pm):
			- GREG (08:49 pm): Chat with agent
		- Xfinity Assistant (08:49 pm): OK. I'll put you in touch with a live agent now.
			- GREG (08:49 pm): Incorrect charges on my bill
		- Xfinity Assistant (08:49 pm): I think you might need some help from a live agent. Do you want me to put you in touch with one of our specialists?
			- GREG (08:49 pm): how do i correct a billing error?
		- Xfinity Assistant (08:49 pm): I can help with your billing issue. What's going on?
		- Xfinity Assistant (08:48 pm): How can I help with your bill?
		- --- Conversation on 02/17/2024 ---
			- GREG (04:47 pm): Chat with agent
		- Xfinity Assistant (04:47 pm): I’m sorry, we’re experiencing longer than usual wait times. There aren’t any chat agents available right now, but you can call 1-800-XFINITY (1-888-936-4968 for Xfinity Mobile) or try chatting again later.Here's some helpful info and common solutions for digital support:
			- GREG (04:47 pm): Incorrect charges on my bill
		- Xfinity Assistant (04:47 pm): I think you might need some help from a live agent. Do you want me to put you in touch with one of our specialists?
			- GREG (04:47 pm): Dispute a charge
		- Xfinity Assistant (04:47 pm): I can help with your billing issue. What's going on?
			- GREG (04:46 pm): Please connect me with a human.  there is a billing problem that needs to be resolved.  The amount you are billing me is incorrect.
		- Xfinity Assistant (04:46 pm): Bill due date: 21st of the month\nAutomatic payments: Disabled
		- Xfinity Assistant (04:46 pm): How can I help you with your payments settings?
			- GREG (04:45 pm): I received a 529.50 bill when I am supposed to be on your away from home plan which is around 70 per month.
		- Xfinity Assistant (04:45 pm): Previous balance: $70.77\nBalance forward: $0.00\n\nRegular monthly charges: $286.82\nPartial charges: $203.25\nTaxes, fees, &amp; other charges: $39.43\nAmount due: $529.50\n
		- Xfinity Assistant (04:45 pm): Let's take a look at your price changes. Your regular monthly charges increased by $219.97, partial charges increased by $203.25 and taxes and fees increased by $35.51.&nbsp;To get more details about the change in pricing, choose which charge you have a question about below.
		- Xfinity Assistant (04:45 pm): Thanks for signing in. For your security, do not enter any sensitive info such as your credit card or social security number.