# [[block_scan]]
	- Everything is looking good.
	- Added a log to track progress:
		- ``crontab -e``
			- ``0  */1  *   *   *    echo "`/usr/bin/date "+\%D \%T"` | `/usr/bin/wc -l < /home/greg/Database/new_address`"  >> /home/greg/Database/count``
	- [[logrotate]]
		- I want to configure it to rotate the log file to prevent it from growing too big to look through.
- # [[The Duke]] [[Landing]]
	- A lot of noise outside in the parking lot this morning.  It looks like they are going to replace the roof on the building.
	- Where is the car.
		- So they needed to use all the parking spaces outside the building to stage the roofing materials.  Sometime in the past couple of days they posted a notice but since we haven't been out we never saw it.
		- It was towed a couple of buildings down.  Now I have to figure out how to get [[Sandy]] to the car.
- # [[LogSeq]]
	- On the desktop the application always resets to 'light' if it is stopped and restarted.  This isn't happening on the laptop.
		- There is a discussion on this subject and the developers looking for what went wrong.
- # [[Sandy]] [[Hepatology]]
	- Clinic
		- It's OK to travel to Dallas for the eclipse.
			- The weather is not expected to be good.  Cloudy in the AM changing to rain afternoon right when the eclipse is supposed to start.
		- [[magnesium]]
			- I asked if there is an alternate form for taking it.
				- Sandy is going to the bathroom a lot and the magnesium is the primary suspect for the cause.
				- The only other method is an IV.
		- [[tacrolimus]]
			- The FK 506 numbers are still a little low after increasing from 0.5 mg once a day to 0.5 mg twice a day.
				- New dosage is 1 mg twice a day.
		- [[TPN]]
			- Sandy has been eating well enough to drop from 7 nights a week to only 3 nights a week.
	- # Progress Notes
		- ## Nurse Danielle T at 4/4/2024  1:40 PM
			- Sandy was seen in clinic today, doing well
			- Has endorsed increased swelling with increased TPN (7 nights a week)
			- Weight stable at 187#
			- Calories are 1500-2100, with one day of 1100. 56-131 grams of protein a day, and 72-128oz of fluids a day.
			- She has endorsed some upset stomach and loose stools on increased magnesium supplement.
			- Decision was made to decrease TPN to 3 nights a week, decrease slo mag to 128mgtwice a day, and increase tacrolimus to 1mg twice a day.
			- She will return to clinic in 1 week on 4/11/24 at 2:20pm. \
			- Labs changed to weekly labs
			- Pt and husband might possibly go to TX this weekend, Liver team gave her the ok to travel to TX. Prescribed levofloxacin to 750mg daily for 7 days if she develops a fever while travelling.
			- Sandy and Greg voiced understanding and will call with questions or concerns.
			- Danielle M Treska, RN
			  2:43 PM, 4/4/2024
	- # Patient Instructions
	- ## Nurse Danielle T at 4/4/2024  1:40 PM
	  
	  | 
	  
	  | 
	  
	  -- TPN decrease to 3 nights a week
	  
	  
	  
	  -- decrease slo mag to 128mg twice a day
	  
	  
	  
	  -- increase tacrolimus to 1mg twice a day
	  
	  
	  
	  -- if develop fevers and travelling take levofloxacin 750mg daily x7 days
	  
	  
	  
	  -- change to weekly labs
	  
	  
	  
	  -- return to clinic in 1 week, 4/11/24 at 2:20pm 
	  
	  
	  
	  -- OK to travel to Texas if you guys decide to go
	  
	  
	  
	  -- 402-559-5000 with questions or concerns