# [[Sandy]]
	- # Progress Notes
		- ## Nurse Danielle T at 2/29/2024  1:00 PM
			- Sandy was seen in MOTC clinic by Dianna Larson PA and Dr. Pradhan.
			- Her weight is stable. She is drinking 74-100oz of water a day, eating 1300-1900 calories a day, did have a few low days at 900 and 1000 calories. She is averaging 49-114g protein a day.
			- Her voice is getting stronger every day, she is walking around with a cane, strength is improving. PT and OT graduated her from HHC, no longer following her.
			- Her weight is stable at 179#.
			- Decision was made to decrease her TPN to 2 nights a week.
			- Decision was also made to cancel her MOTC visit on 3/7/24, allowing for her to return to Colorado for approximately a week.
			- Called Cindy, HHC RN. Left voicemail that Sandy is doing well, decreasing TPN to 2 nights a week.
			- Will facilitate line draw and dressing change next week in Colorado.
			- Danielle M Treska, RN
			  1:52 PM, 2/29/2024
	- # Patient Instructions
		- ## Nurse Danielle T at 2/29/2024  1:00 PM
			- -- We will cancel Liver appointment on 3/7/24, next appointment 3/14/24
			- -- Decrease TPN to 2 nights a week
- # [[Louise Leonhardt Estate]]
	- **2024-02-29 1754** [Fw  Administration of Alice Louise Leonhardt Estate - Joyce Anderson (lazyjoyce@aol.com) - 2024-02-29 1754.eml](../assets/Fw_Administration_of_Alice_Louise_Leonhardt_Estate_-_Joyce_Anderson_(lazyjoyce@aol_1712771019829_0.com) - 2024-02-29 1754.eml)
		- Hello Ari,
		  
		  Below is the email chain we have going with the attorney that is handling the trust for my stepsister Jane.
		  
		  Our, meaning myself and my direct siblings, side varies from what was presented to us. We believe our parents intentions were different. Basically, the Illinois property was to remain intact, unless it was needed. Everything beyond that was for my stepmother and eventually her children. Things had to change somewhat when my father had dementia. All Assets were moved to my stepmother for ALTCS purposes.  In addition, she pushed the sale of the Illinois property to my brother.
		  
		  What we really want is equality, but we have no way to determine if that is 
		  happening based on the information we've been given.
		  
		  I did reach out to Keith Lyman, because he was the preparer of the trust; however, that makes him a possible witness so he is not able to represent us. He did say that he Would be happy speak with you, and could probably give you a copy of the trust.
		  
		  We can pay Stacy's $450 consultation fee. I am the only child of my father in Arizona. So as much as possible, I'm trying to handle this matter with their input. As I stated previously, I work M - F 8:00 - 4:30. I can take time off, but I would like to limit that as much as possible. I do have previously scheduled vacation days next Thursday and Friday available, but I understand that may not be soon enough.
		  
		  In order to keep everyone in the loop, I copied my siblings on this email.  In addition, I'm also attaching the original documents received by each of us for your review.
		  
		  Thank you in advance for your time.
		  Joyce Anderson