# Progress Notes
	- ## Nurse Danielle T at 2/22/2024  1:00 PM
		- Sandy was seen in clinic today with Dianna Larson PA and Dr. Manatsathit.
		- She is doing well overall. Voice has strengthened since vocal cord injection, and she does not have difficulty swallowing anymore.
		- She has had more frequent bowel movements but they are still formed.
		- Concerns about bloodshot eye and fragile skin on forearms.
		- She is eating 1430-1915 calories a day, 72-90 oz of liquids, and 65-107g protein a day.
		- Weight down on our scales to 176#, but has also lost some water weight as well.
		- OT is discharging her from their service as her strength has greatly improved.
		- Decision was made to decrease TPN to 3 nights a week, she will follow up in clinic in 1 week.
		- Dr. Manatsathit would like Sandy to have another proBNP checked next week to follow the trend.
		- She will return to clinic in 1 week on 2/29/24.
		- Notified Cindy HHC RN of decrease of TPN to 3 nights a week and need for additional proBNP.
		- Danielle M Treska, RN
		  3:12 PM, 2/22/2024
- # Patient Instructions
	- ## Nurse Danielle T at 2/22/2024  1:00 PM
		- -- Decrease TPN to 3 nights a week
		- -- return to clinic in 1 week, 2/29/24 at 1pm
		- -- will check CHF peptide again in 1 week
		- -- calorie goal 1700-1900 calories a day
		- -- keep prioritizing protein with meals and snacks
- # [[Louise Leonhardt Estate]]
	- **2024-02-22 1620** [Re  Administration of Alice Louise Leonhardt Estate - Joyce Anderson (lazyjoyce@aol.com) - 2024-02-22 1620.eml](../assets/Re_Administration_of_Alice_Louise_Leonhardt_Estate_-_Joyce_Anderson_(lazyjoyce@aol_1712771122534_0.com) - 2024-02-22 1620.eml)
		- Hello Stephen,
		  
		  I went back and read the document again, and I'm referring to this specific section:
		- The
		  Trustee shall distribute, free of trust, that certain real property 
		  located in the County of Dupage, State of Illinois, and more 
		  particularly known as 7 N. 216 Parkside Avenue, Itasca, IL 60143, to the
		  following living children of my deceased spouse HERMAN L. LEONHARDT, 
		  to-wit: THOMAS LEONHARDT, GREGORY LEONHARDT, SCOTT LEONHARDT, RUTH 
		  LEONHARDT, and JOYCE ANDERSON, in equal shares, subject to all 
		  encumbrances and/or liens of record. If any such beneficiary predeceases
		  me, then the share of the deceased beneficiary shall be distributed 
		  among the remaining living beneficiaries.
		- (3) 
		  
		  In
		  the event such real property has been sold, then any identifiable 
		  proceeds from the sale thereof that remain at my death, shall be 
		  distributed to the beneficiaries designated in the paragraph above in 
		  the same manner as set forth therein.
		  
		  My
		  understanding of this is the funds in the Chase account are to be 
		  distributed to Herman's 4 remaining children only; however, it appears 
		  it is being divided 8 ways.
		  
		  Will you please explain why there is a difference?
		  
		  Joyce Anderson 
		  
		  (I responded to all, so everyone is aware)
	- **2024-02-22 1732** [Re  Administration of Alice Louise Leonhardt Estate - Stephen Brower (sbrower@brentwoodlg.com) - 2024-02-22 1732.eml](../assets/Re_Administration_of_Alice_Louise_Leonhardt_Estate_-_Stephen_Brower_(sbrower@brentwoodlg_1712769236217_0.com) - 2024-02-22 1732.eml)
		- Hi Joyce:
		-
		- I will remind you again to not rely on us and to seek independent counsel.
		-
		- Because the property is sold, the important language is: “In the event such real property has been sold, then
		  *any identifiable proceeds*** **from the sale thereof that 
		  remain at my death, shall be distributed to the beneficiaries designated
		  in the paragraph above in the same manner as set forth therein.”
		-
		- The only identifiable proceeds from the sale of the
		  Illinois property are $38,522.73. This is because the proceeds from the
		  sale of the property were spent (down to $38,522.73) before more funds 
		  were added. Please see the letter. There
		  are no other “identifiable proceeds” from the sale of the Illinois 
		  property.  The residual amount $38,522.73 split four ways would be 
		  $9,630.68 to each of you and your three siblings. The non-judicial 
		  settlement offered by the trust is more than this amount.
		-
		- We ask for the documents to be signed, notarized, 
		  and returned by end-of-day tomorrow.  The higher settlement will remain 
		  open until then.
		  
		  Sincerely,
		  **Stephen Brower**
		  Managing Partner