# [[Sandy]]
	- **08:48** Morning Observations:
		- At some time last night she was on oxygen.
			- Most likely while she was sleeping.
		- [[Endocrinology]]
			- Was in earlier today saying a couple of days more in hospital.
				- My guess that is to get [[insulin]] and [[TPN]] worked out.
	- **11:17** [[Endocrinology]]
		- Blood sugars are looking good.  They are waiting for the expected [[TPN]] change to overnight only.
	- **11:59** [[Infectious Disease]]
		- Raised the the possibility of going home on pill antibiotics and putting a "lock" on the IV line.
			- The lock is nothing more than a bath of antibiotics that would sit in the line for a few hours to kill any bacteria that may be in the line.
	- **13:57** [[PT]]
		- Doing great.
		- It is OK if I take her for walks.
	- **13:08** [[Infectious Disease]]
		- This was the Fellow Dr.
			- Same information as earlier.
	- **13:21** [[Hepatology]]
		- Building a plan for discharge:
			- TODO Reset TPN for nighttime only
			- TODO How much insulin for TPN
			- TODO How many nights of TPN
			- TODO Switch to nighttime TPN while still in hospital
- # [[Xfinity]] 800-934-6489
- **16:47** One last chance to fix the billing problem before I cancel.
	- I started by saying that I am canceling even though I don't want to.  The reply is that I can't cancel until I pay the existing bill.  I explained that I will not be paying the bill because it is wrong.  The call was then transferred.
	- Person \#2 went round and round with the bill.  She kept saying it is on seasonal service.  I kept trying to explain that the problem is the previous months that were billed at the full rate when it was supposed to be on seasonal service since January 05.
	- Now I am getting that January's bill can't be adjusted because it isn't paid.
		- I again explained that it isn't going to be paid until the amount is corrected.  It makes no sense to pay an over priced bill and then wait months for a refund.
	- She finally understands what the problem is and is opening a ticket ECM0006777196 to finance to get it corrected.
	- She says they will have it corrected in 24 hours.  (I'll believe it when I see it.)
	- **17:20** The call ended.