# [[Sandy]]
	- **09:02**  Morning Observations:
		- No IVs are running, not even [[TPN]] .
			- DONE It is unclear if [[TPN]]ran last night.
				- YES: it was running a complete bag in 12 hours. Blood sugar measured every 4 hours and [[insulin]] given.
	- **09:16** [[Hepatology]] (Floor P.A. {Misty})
		- Making plans for discharge today.  Possibly before rounds @ 14:00.
			- DONE Check TPN schedule
				- According to Option Care it will be 7 nights a week.
			- DONE Check [[insulin]] requirement for [[TPN]].
				- See 11:59 below.
			- DONE Check antibiotic requirement after discharge.
				- See 10:36 below.
	- **10:36** [[Infectious Disease]]
		- Going home with two new medications that will end on April 4.
		- They are not going to do the central line 'lock' citing [[TPN]] as a complicating factor and possibly home nursing.
	- **10:49** [[Endocrinology]] (telephone)
		- Scheduling an appointment with an educator.
			- April 12 @ 08:00.
	- **11:19** [[Endocrinology]]
		- [[Lantis]]
			- 16 units taken in the morning.
		- [[NovoLog]]
			- Carb ratio - 12:1
			- Sliding scale: 2
		- [[NovoLog 70-30]]
			- 50 units of [[NPH]] at the start of [[TPN]].
	- **12:23** Released and leaving the hospital.
	-
- # [[Battery Performance]]
	- A quick definition of symbols:
		- `V`
			- This indicates the nominal voltage of the battery. For most AA batteries, the nominal voltage is 1.5 volts. However, rechargeable NiMH batteries have a slightly lower nominal voltage, typically around 1.2 volts.
		- `mA`
			- This typically refers to the current that a battery can supply. For AA batteries, the current capacity can vary widely depending on the type of battery (alkaline, lithium, rechargeable NiMH, etc.) and the specific brand/model. For alkaline batteries, typical values can range from around 1000mA to 3000mA. Rechargeable NiMH batteries might have capacities in the range of 1000mA to 3000mA as well, depending on the specific battery.
		- `mAh`
			- This is a measure of the battery's capacity, indicating how much current the battery can supply over time. Again, this value can vary significantly depending on the type and brand of the battery. For AA batteries, typical values range from around 1000mAh to 3000mAh for alkaline batteries, and for rechargeable NiMH batteries, it might be in the same range or slightly higher.
		- `mR`
			- This refers to the internal resistance of the battery, which affects its ability to deliver current efficiently. The internal resistance can vary depending on the battery chemistry and construction. Typically, AA batteries have internal resistances ranging from a few milliohms to several tens of milliohms.
				- 0 to 50 mOhm can be considered brand new.
				- 50-100 mOhm - start loosing capacity slowly - still good for high drain apps (~ 1.5 Amp).
				- More than 100 - quick capacity loss - no good for high drain apps, still good for low drain apps.
	- I guess the best batteries have a high mAh and a low mR.
- # [[CnC Router]]
	- [[Genmitsu PROVerXL 4030 v2]]
	  max-x:: 400 mm 15.8 in
	  max-y::  300 mm  11.8 in
	  max-z::  110 mm  4.3 in
	  price:: $1,399
		- Ball Screws
		- Closed loop servo motors.
	- [[Genmitsu PROVerXL 6050 Plus]]
	  max-x:: 500 mm 23.6 in
	  max-y::  500 mm  19.7 in
	  max-z:: 110 mm  4.3 in 115 mm  4.5 in
	  price:: $1,799
- # [[Windows Applications]]
	- Revo Uninstaller
	  WWW:: https://www.revouninstaller.com/products/revo-uninstaller-free/
		- An application uninstaller that can search for and remove registry entries and files left on the system after the application is uninstalled.
- # [[Louise Leonhardt Estate]]
	- Appointment information for Stacy Johnson.
		- **2024-03-28 1240** [INITIAL CONSULTATION - JOYCE ANDERSON - Ari Quesenberry (ari@sljlawfirm.com) - 2024-03-28 1240.eml](../assets/INITIAL_CONSULTATION_-_JOYCE_ANDERSON_-_Ari_Quesenberry_(ari@sljlawfirm_1712770301257_0.com) - 2024-03-28 1240.eml)
			- | Title: | 
			               | INITIAL CONSULTATION - JOYCE ANDERSON  |
			- | Location: | 
			             | Microsoft Teams Meeting |
			- | When: | 
			             | Monday, April 8, 2024 3:00 PM – 4:00 PM |
			- | 
			             | Organizer: | 
			             |
			- Stacey Johnson <stacey@sljlawfirm.com>
			- |