- It has been a while so I thought I should get caught up.
- #Sandy was released from Madonna on 2023-10/06 (Friday).  She was physically much stronger than she was when she first got there.  I am not saying that she is 100% back [probably only 25%] but she can get up, go to the bathroom etc.  She was approved for the new CMV maintenance drug.  The starting price was $1,900 a month, the approved price is $0.
- With the new CMV drug her count went down to three hundred something but went up again this week to seven hundred something.  We will have to wait until next week to figure out where it is going.
- Since she has been back at the apartment she is having good days and OK days.  Earlier this week with PT she walked to the end of the hall [huge improvement.  Today she sat most of the time and slept.
- Eating is significantly improved [almost to normal].  This was noted yesterday in clinic where she was given permission to skip the TPN one day a week.  I suspect they would have reduced even more but the term "ween off" was used multiple times.  If my guess is correct that will increase to two days next week.
- A little concern for a new [old] issue of her hyperparathyroidism.  #Sandy has had this condition for years but I guess it is finally getting to the point where something needs to be done about it.  Essentially parathyroid is blocking calcium from getting into the bone causing them to be brittle.  She is starting the rounds to decide the best approach to tackle the issue.  It could be surgery or more medication.  One way or the other, this isn't a top priority issue though it does need to be addressed sooner rather than later.
- And finally the best news of all, the doctors are targeting Thanksgiving to be going back to Colorado.
- NOTE TO SELF:  Don't wait so long to update.