# [[Louise Leonhardt Estate]]
	- The PDF from the Chase account has been sent.
- # [[SyncThing]]
	- **A utility that will synchronize files between many computers.**
	- It took a while but the install and synchronization is complete.
		- I believe the main problem area was that there were too many file backup & synchronization tools already running.  After stopping and eventually uninstalling Synology Drive Client things started to actually work.
			- I kept running into file locking problems where synchronizing wouldn't happen because files were locked on one side or the other.
		- The other problem I ran into (still not solved) is using old copies of files.
			- To get things going I wiped the 'Documents' directory clean then replaced the files gradually on both desktop and laptop.  This caused newer versions to be overwritten by older versions.  I will have to correct this as I discover them.
	- Bottom line is that the program is up and running.
- # [[block_scan]]
	- One of the source code files was over written by an older version with the install of SyncThing. (See above).
	- The VirtualBox container was stopped and restarted a few times to clear file locks and get SyncThing up and running.
- # [[LogSeq]] [[GitHub]] [[G-Drive]]
	- With SyncThing up and running there is no need to use a GitHub repository to keep multiple computers in sync with each other.  I have moved the files back to the 'Documents' directory away from the G-Drive.  Everything is now effortlessly synchronized.
		- I kept the GitHub tool on the laptop.  This is now being used as a true versioned backup.
			- The laptop was used as I thought it would be the computer to need a backup most.  Probably will end up being the desktop because of this decision but I can always change it.