# [[Sandy]]
	- ## [[Endocrinology]]
		- Her blood sugars are going crazy again today.
			- I have been mainly treating whatever her glucose level is and not for carb offset.
			- Example after supper she needed insulin for the carbs bet the glucose level was still heading straight down so no insulin was given.  Some time later it started going up again.  Doubtlessly from the dinner carbs but at dinner time there was no idea how low it was going to go and after it was too late to give an offset for the carbs.
			- It's 22:17 and the glucose level is finally starting to stabilize around 220.  If it actually stops there I'll give the four (4) units for the sliding scale and wait till the morning.  Maybe we'll be able to stay on top of it tomorrow.
		- At least part of the problem is that she does the injection herself in the stomach the insulin does nothing.  I mean like the shot was never done.  Not even a blip in the glucose reading.
		- **22:17** She felt very warm getting her blood sugar so I took her temperature.  It was 100.3 F. and she wanted absolutely nothing to do with going to the hospital.  I gave her some Tylenol and as expected her temperature started to fall.
	- # [[Louise Leonhardt Estate]]
		- [SLJ ENGAGEMENT.eml](../../../assets/SLJ_ENGAGEMENT_1716487478244_0.eml)
			- Greetings all,
			  
			  I am just checking in to make sure the engagement letter was received. I see Joyce and Greg have e-signed but we are still waiting for Scott and Ruth. Please check junk/spam folders for the email prompting you to sign.
			  
			  Let me know if you have any questions or need any assistance!
			  
			  Thanks,
			  Ari