# [[LogSeq]] #GitHub
	- I may have completely screwed thing up.  I have been trying to enable the 'GitHub' plugin.  Things went just fine on the laptop.  I could push and probably pull.
	- Now on the second machine, it isn't going as well.
		- It just wasn't doing anything then I saw the login prompt way off in the corner of the screen.
			- I went through the process and it all looked good but now the red icon light is blinking.  It is supposed to do that when online operations are in progress but there isn't that much data to take this long.
		- Hum..  I think that was it.
			- After editing this entry the icon light went on solid.  I clicked the status again and it showed this entry had changed.  I then clicked Commit & Push and the changes showed up in the online repository.
			- Now to see if I can pull the changes on the laptop.
	- From the LapTop:
		- Success
	- **ALMOST WORKING!**
		- Things got all messed up when I edited the same file on both the laptop and desktop.  There is no method for merging the file and I was completely locked out.
		- I wound up using the GIT application to merge the changes to get both computers working again.  A big pain.  I'll try to not do that again.
- # [[LogSeq]] #[[Journals Calendar]]
	- I see that when I click on a date without a journal entry it opens the data.  Unfortunately if I clicked the wrong date I now have an empty file.  I don't like empty things lying around.
	- **WAIT WHAT!**
		- The date is there in the journal but there isn't a file for it.  What will happen when I close and open the application?
		- Well I guess I don't know how the application works.  The date is still in the journal (empty) and there is no file for the date in the filesystem.  I thought this was a 1-to-1 thing.  I guess not.
	- From the Desktop:
		- I don't see where I get notification when the repository has changed.  I guess I just need to pull every time I start.
- # [[block_scan]]
	- Problem solved.  There was a security flaw in [[libbitcoin-explorer]] and the repository no longer works.  From what I have seen the flaw is corrected but nonetheless I can't compile code from the repository.  I wound up going to the internet archive way back machine and downloaded a functional binary.
- # [[Louise Leonhardt Estate]]
	- Since it is our understanding that you have not retained counsel at this time, please see the attached letters concerning a distribution from the Trust.
		- **2024-04-03 2132.** [Alive L. Leonhardt Trust Distribution - Lena Zeebuyth (lzeebuyth@brentwoodlg.com) - 2024-04-03 2132.eml](../assets/Alive_L_1712769116673_0. Leonhardt Trust Distribution - Lena Zeebuyth (lzeebuyth@brentwoodlg.com) - 2024-04-03 2132.eml)
			- Good evening,
			  
			  Since it is our understanding that you have not retained counsel at this time, please see the attached letters concerning a distribution from the Trust.
			  
			  A hard copy of each letter with the referenced check will be mailed U.S. certified mail. Please contact us immediately with any concerns regarding the check. Brintley, a member of our office, will be able to help with any issues you may have with the check, so please copy her on emails with those concerns.
			  
			  Sincerely,
			  Lena
		- **2024-04-04 1407** [Fw  URGENT  Fw  Alive L. Leonhardt Trust Distribution - Joyce Anderson (lazyjoyce@aol.com) - 2024-04-04 1407.eml](../assets/Fw_URGENT_Fw_Alive_L_1712769150737_0. Leonhardt Trust Distribution - Joyce Anderson (lazyjoyce@aol.com) - 2024-04-04 1407.eml)
			- Greetings Joyce,
			  
			  Thank you for forwarding this latest update. Since we do not represent you at this time, we cannot stop this. Your consultation with Stacey is on Monday and she will be able to review and advise you then.
			  
			  Don’t panic, remember most things can be “undone” 😊
			  
			  Thanks,
			  Ari