# [[Sandy]]
	- **08:57**  A lot happened overnight
		- She had a bloody nose that took a lot to get stopped.
		- She is *VERY* tired.
		- The nurse said she is reaching for words and finding it difficult to talk.
		- Blood cultures came back showing the same bacteria as last time.  The obvious conclusion is that the central line is the problem and it was removed.
		- Blood pressure is tanking, 64/44 (51) though they don't seem to be doing anything about it other than pumping fluids into her.
	- **~09:00** Doing a liver ultrasound.
	- **09:53** [[Hepatology]]
		- Concerned that the bilirubin is going up and scheduled the ERCP for this afternoon.
	- **10:58** [[Infectious Disease]]
		- Second time
		- Confirming the infection is the same as last time.
		- Can't confirm the infection source is the central line.  Even if it was, it has been removed so it isn't anymore.
		- They are using the same anti-bacteria medication as before.  (makes sense it's the same bacteria) and the bacteria isn't testing as resistant to medication.
		- Happy to hear that Sandy is going in for the ERCP this afternoon.
	- **12:52**
		- Moved to ICU for low blood pressure.
	- **14:53**  Inserting an arterial line to monitor blood pressure during the ERCP.
	- **18:04** [[Hepatology]]
		- The ERCP is complete and Sandy is going back to the ICU.
		- Located some "gunk" in or around some of the passages and cleaned it out.
			- Most likely the source of infection.
		- All passages are open and the stent has been removed.
			- The stent is the most likely cause of the "gunk" formation.
- # [[Louise Leonhardt Estate]]
	- [Re  ALICE L. LEONHARDT TRUST - CALL WITH STACEY - Ari Quesenberry (ari@sljlawfirm.com) - 2024-04-19 1409.eml](../../../assets/Re_ALICE_L_1729211292003_0. LEONHARDT TRUST - CALL WITH STACEY - Ari Quesenberry (ari@sljlawfirm.com) - 2024-04-19 1409.eml)
	-