# Install
- ## Become root
- The following install instructions are set up for the ‘ROOT’ user.  Before we can start, need to switch user to root:
- ``sudo bash``
- ## Add the repository.
- This gives us access to the latest package versions:
- ``curl -s https://packagecloud.io/install/repositories/crowdsec/crowdsec/script.deb.sh | bash``
- ## Install
- Great, now we can install the #CrowdSec Security Engine it allows you to detect bad behaviors by analyzing log files and other data sources.
- ``apt install crowdsec -y``
- Once security engine is installed we can install the remediation components!
- ``apt install crowdsec-firewall-bouncer-iptables crowdsec-nginx-bouncer -y``
- ## Enable WAL
- From #crowdsec version 1.4.2 we implemented #SqLite WAL support. However, since we cannot presume where people are running #crowdsec you will get a warning until you turn it on or off.
- For the demo we will turn on WAL support, the only reason you would not enable this option if you store the #SqLite database in a network share.
- ## **echo**   **"db_config:**
- ``use_wal: true > /etc/crowdsec/config.yaml.local``
- ``systemctl restart crowdsec.service ; sleep 10s ; systemctl status crowdsec.service``
- ## Working with cscli
- ## Install Bash Completion
- If you want to access all options easier and faster, just install the bash completion:
- cscli completion bash | tee /etc/bash_completion.d/cscli
- ## **source ~/.bashrc**
- ## **Test it out by typing:**
- ## **cscli **
- ## Cscli syntax
- ## **Let's check out and run some useful commands with the CrowdSec CLI ** **cscli** **.**
- ## **To get an overview of all options, just run the command:**
- ## **cscli -h**
- ## **Cscli commands are built to be self expressive the syntax is**
- ## **cscli  **
- ## **Example ** **cscli parsers list** ** lists all locally installed parsers, however, if you wish to get all information for a command/subcommand you can apply ** **-h** ** flag.**
- ## **cscli parsers list -h**
- ## Collections examples
- ## **Here a few collection examples to get you used to the syntax, collections command is commonly used as it allows you to update parsers/scenarios with one command.**
- ## **cscli collections list** ** List local install collections**
- ## **cscli collections list -a** ** list ALL available collections**
- ## **cscli collections install crowdsecurity/iptables** ** install a collection**
- ## **cscli collections upgrade crowdsecurity/iptables** ** upgrade a collection**
- ## **cscli collections upgrade -a** ** upgrade ALL installed collections**
- ## Handling decisions
- ## **Whilst working with crowdsec there may come a time when you need to add or remove decisions.**
- ## **Add manual decision**
- ## **cscli decisions add --ip 1.2.3.4**
- ## **Delete a decision**
- ## **cscli decisions list**
- ## **cscli decisions delete --id #**
- ## **Delete a decision by ip**
- ## **cscli decisions delete --ip 1.2.3.4**
- ## Crowdsec Process Cold Logs
- ## **Crowdsec has the ability to process "cold" logs. This can be useful if you wish to know what crowdsec could of detected in the moment or to point out IP's to investigate if you are brought in to investigate a breach.**
- ## **crowdsec -dsn file:** **///root/pwn.log --type nginx -no-api**
- ##
- ## **Example output**
- ## **INFO[05-01-2023**   **20** **:35:11]**   **Adding**   **file**   **/root/pwn.log**   **to**   **filelist** **         ** **type="file:///root/pwn.log"**
- ## **INFO[05-01-2023**   **20** **:35:11]**   **Starting**   **processing**   **data** **                     **
- ## **INFO[05-01-2023**   **20** **:35:11]**   **reading**   **/root/pwn.log**   **at**   **once** **                 ** **type="file:///root/pwn.log"**
- ## **WARN[05-01-2023**   **20** **:35:11]**   **prometheus: listen tcp 127.0.0.1:6060: bind:**   **address**   **already**   **in**   **use** ** **
- ## **INFO[05-01-2023**   **20** **:35:18]**   **Ip**   **158.50.194.86**   **performed**   **'LePresidente/http-generic-401-bf'**   **(7**   **events**   **over**   **12s)**   **at**   **2022-12-27**   **13** **:08:24**   **+0000**   **UTC** ** **
- ## **INFO[05-01-2023**   **20** **:35:19]**   **Ip**   **158.50.194.86**   **performed**   **'LePresidente/http-generic-401-bf'**   **(7**   **events**   **over**   **13s)**   **at**   **2022-12-27**   **13** **:09:35**   **+0000**   **UTC** ** **
- ## Configuring NGINX Bouncer
- ## Optimizing NGINX bouncer
  
  The default settings that ship with the NGINX bouncer can be used out of the box, however, if you run a medium-large sized website you can improve the performance.
  
  Open nano /etc/crowdsec/bouncers/crowdsec-nginx-bouncer.conf and change MODE=live to MODE=stream
  
  Q:What does this do?
  
  A:Instead of the bouncer sending a query to LAPI everytime a request is sent to the webserver, it performs a cron on the configured UPDATE_FREQUENCY=10 to get all IP's and caches them. The potential downside an attackers may be able to perform requests between crons.
  
  Then we can reload nginx with nginx -t && nginx -s reload .
- ## Configuring HTTP bans
  
  We want to provide a block page to users that have an active decision against them including the word HTTP. If we don't do this the user will see nothing and think the website is not operating correctly, leading to a negative experience.
- #### Edit profiles.yaml
  
  We need to have a separate decision type so the firewall bouncer does not act upon. In this example we will use "captcha".
  
  echo "
  
  name: captcha_remediation
  
  filters:
	- Alert.Remediation == true && Alert.GetScope() == \"Ip\" && Alert.GetScenario() contains \"http\"
	  
	  decisions:
	- type: captcha
	  
	  duration: 4h
	  
	  on_success: break
	  
	  ---
	  
	  " > /tmp/profiles.yaml
	  
	  cat /etc/crowdsec/profiles.yaml >> /tmp/profiles.yaml
	  
	  mv /tmp/profiles.yaml /etc/crowdsec/profiles.yaml
	  
	  systemctl restart crowdsec.service
- ## **INFO[05-01-2023**   **20** **:35:20]**   **Ip**   **158.50.194.86**   **performed**   **'LePresidente/http-generic-401-bf'**   **(7**   **events**   **over**   **14s)**   **at**   **2022-12-27**   **13** **:10:48**   **+0000**   **UTC** ** **
- ## **INFO[05-01-2023**   **20** **:35:36]**   **Ip**   **173.195.57.15**   **performed**   **'LePresidente/http-generic-401-bf'**   **(7**   **events**   **over**   **11s)**   **at**   **2023-01-05**   **11** **:55:37**   **+0000**   **UTC** ** **
- ## **WARN[05-01-2023**   **20** **:35:37]**   **Acquisition**   **is**   **finished,**   **shutting**   **down** **       **
- ## **INFO[05-01-2023**   **20** **:35:37]**   **Killing**   **parser**   **routines** **                      **
- ## **INFO[05-01-2023**   **20** **:35:38]**   **Bucket**   **routine**   **exiting** **                       **
- ## **INFO[05-01-2023**   **20** **:35:39]**   **crowdsec**   **shutdown**
- ## Hacker mode engaged
- ## Preparations
- ## **Let's ensure the detection and remediation is working. Firstly lets tail the crowdsec log so we can see the detection in realtime.**
- ## **tail -f /var/log/crowdsec.log**
- ## Attack
- ## **Let's try to attack our host from another host. To do this, open a new terminal tab and connect to the attacker host:**
- ## **ssh node01**
- ## **Once we are connected to the attacker host and you have to install the tools needed to preform ssh and web based attacks:**
- ## **apt install -y nikto hydra**
- ## SSH attacks
- ## **Firstly we will test iptables bouncer and ssh detection:**
- ## **hydra -l admin -x 1:1:a controlplane ssh**
- ## **Whilst the program is running return to original tab to see if crowdsec is detecting the ssh attacks. You can also run ** **cscli** ** to see the active decision.**
- ## **cscli decisions list**
- ## **For the next attack to work we will need to remove the decisions so please run**
- ## **cscli decisions ** **delete** ** --scenario crowdsecurity/ssh-bf**
- ## **cscli decisions ** **delete** ** --scenario crowdsecurity/ssh-slow-bf**
- ## **tail -f /** **var** **/log/crowdsec.log**
- ##
- ## Web attacks
- ## **Once the ssh decision has been removed. Return to the attacker tab, we will run nikto web scanner. However before running this we will do a little trick to forward a local port to the control plane (so we can see the block screen). The below command must be run on node01 NOT the control plane.**
- ## **ssh -L 0.0.0.0:8080:controlplane:80 localhost**
- ## **Once connected we can attack the website with ** **nikto** **:**
- ## **nikto -h http://controlplane**
- ## **Then we can check if the attack has been detect by going to this ** [**LINK**](https://74bdc92f-7b5f-40ac-9e05-1deca3fc9836-10-244-7-228-8080.saci.r.killercoda.com/)
- ## **I just see the default nginx page?**
- ## **Press ctrl + shift + r to force a reload. This links back to the internal timer on the bouncer it will get the new decisions within 10 seconds.**
- ## Install Dashboard
- ## **CrowdSec offers also the cloud service ** [**CrowdSec Console**](https://app.crowdsec.net/) **. This service allows you to analyze multiple instances in one central web dashboard.**
- ## **To use this service, just sign up at ** [**CrowdSec Console**](https://app.crowdsec.net/) **.**
- ## **When logging in for the first time you will be presented with your enrollment key. If you cannot find this, head into the ** **instances** ** tab and find ** **add instance** **. Clicking on this will show you your enrollment key.**
- ## **It is important you keep this safe as the enrollment key is unique to your account and should not be shared.**
- ## **Congratulations. You have completed the scenario on the foundations of using CrowdSec. For more content just check out the ** [**Docs**](https://doc.crowdsec.net/) ** or join the ** [**Community**](https://discourse.crowdsec.net/) **.**
- ## **The above is from:**
- ## [** www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxbimVtd2nw&t=2327s**](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxbimVtd2nw&t=2327s)
- ## Running crowdsec on raspberry pi os/raspbian [​](https://docs.crowdsec.net/docs/v1.1/getting_started/install_crowdsec/#running-crowdsec-on-raspberry-pi-osraspbian)
  
  Please keep in mind that raspberry pi OS is designed to work on all raspberry pi versions. Even if the port target is known as armhf, it's not exactly the same target as the debian named armhf port.
  
  The best way to have a crowdsec version for such an architecture is to do:
- install golang (all versions from 1.16 will do)
- export GOARCH=arm
- export CGO=1
- Update the GOARCH variable in the Makefile to arm
- install the arm gcc cross compiler (On debian the package is gcc-arm-linux-gnueabihf)
- Compile crowdsec using the usual make command
- # **Cscli dashboard**
  
  sudo cscli dashboard setup -l 0.0.0.0 -p 3000
  
  To change the crowdsec configuration to always restart:
  
  sudo docker update --restart unless-stopped crowdsec-metabase
  
  Optional arguments:
- -l |--listen : ip address to listen on for docker (default is 127.0.0.1)
- -p |--port : port to listen on for docker (default is 8080)
- --password : password for metabase user (default is generated randomly)
- -f | --force : override existing setup
- ## NOTES:
- I haven't found a method (that works) to change the user name or the user password.
  
  To stop or start the crowdsec docker container:
  
  sudo docker start   crowdsec-metabase
  
  sudo docker stop    crowdsec-metabase
  
  sudo docker restart crowdsec-metabase
  
  To check the status of the docker crowdsec server:
  
  sudo docker ps