# [[Louise Leonhardt Estate]]
	- **2024-02-20 1800** [Re  Administration of Alice Louise Leonhardt Estate - Stephen Brower (sbrower@brentwoodlg.com) - 2024-02-20 1800.eml](../assets/Re_Administration_of_Alice_Louise_Leonhardt_Estate_-_Stephen_Brower_(sbrower@brentwoodlg_1712769213460_0.com) - 2024-02-20 1800.eml)
		- Hi Joyce:
		  
		  Thank you for your email.  We are not providing legal advice and please do 
		  not rely on our comments but instead seek independent representation.
		  
		  There is more to the trust than what applies to you and your siblings. The 
		  Chase account have the remaining identifiable proceeds from the sale of 
		  the Illinois house.  Please refer to the letter for a more detailed explanation.  We
		  are not saying that the Chase account is all the property held by the 
		  trust. We are saying that it is the bank account that had the remaining 
		  identifiable proceeds from the sale of the Illinois house. We have provided in the letter the relevant language from the trust that relates to the distribution to you and your siblings. The distribution is limited to the remaining identifiable 
		  proceeds from the sale of the Illinois house.
		  
		  The language regarding the timing of the distribution is fairly standard. 
		  The agreement establishes that the trustee would have an obligation to 
		  pay the distribution upon execution. Regardless, we are changing the release 
		  language to the following:
		  
		  I acknowledge that upon receipt of $23,705 from the trustee for the 
		  Trust, I hereby release and covenant not to sue or encourage or assist
		  anyone else to sue the Trust and trustee, whether individually or as a 
		  trustee, from and for any acts, omissions, claims, liability, 
		  responsibility, and accountability occurring, accruing, or imposed at 
		  any time related to the Trust.
		  
		  Attached is an updated release with this language for your signature.  We will make similar revisions for your siblings.
		  
		  Please confirm that this answers your question and that you will be able to sign and return the waivers by the end of the week.
		  
		  Sincerely,
		  Stephen
	- **2024-02-20 1916** [Re  Administration of Alice Louise Leonhardt Estate - Lena Zeebuyth (lzeebuyth@brentwoodlg.com) - 2024-02-20 1916.eml](../assets/Re_Administration_of_Alice_Louise_Leonhardt_Estate_-_Lena_Zeebuyth_(lzeebuyth@brentwoodlg_1712769175732_0.com) - 2024-02-20 1916.eml)
		- Hi Joyce,
		  
		  Attached are non-redlined versions of the nonjudicial settlements for 
		  each of you with the revisions that Stephen described below.
		  
		  Lena Zeebuyth
		  Associate Attorney
		  Brentwood Law Group, PLLC
		  1222 E. Baseline Road, Suite 200
		  Tempe, AZ 85283
		  Direct Line: 480-428-8487
		  Office: 480-428-8015