# [[Sandy]]
	- # Progress Notes
		- ## Nurse Danielle T at 5/2/2024  1:40 PM
			- Sandy was seen in clinic for post transplant follow up after her recent hospitaliation.
			- Her main complaint is runny nose, cough, fever 100.4F prior to tylenol. Her fever has responded to tylenol.
			- LFTs stable. Weight stable at 176#.
			- She has had decreased appetite due to her cold symptoms, but will increase food intake as to not lose weight.
			- Will obtain a chest Xray today. Prescribed tessalon pearls for the cough.
			- Reviewed safe OTC cold medications she can take for symptom management.
			- She will return to clinic in 1 week 5/9/24.
			- Spoke with Cindy, RN for HHC, gave her an update and they will draw labs again on 5/6/24.
			- Danielle M Treska, RN
			  2:22 PM, 5/2/2024
		- # Patient Instructions
			- ## Nurse Danielle T at 5/2/2024  1:40 PM
				- -- chest xray today
				- -- ok for guaifenesin, Flonase, allergy medicine (zyrtec, allegra, Claritin)
				- -- Return to clinic in 1 week 5/9/24
- # [[Louise Leonhardt Estate]]
	- TODO Link to e-Mail
		- On 05/02/2024 5:47 PM CDT Stacey Johnson <[stacey@sljlawfirm.com](mailto:stacey@sljlawfirm.com)> wrote:
		  
		  Greetings Team!
		  
		  Please see below for your information and review.
		  
		  I just spoke with Andrea O’Neill. She is an experiences estate/trust attorney who is acting as an advisor to Stephen, who dabbles in this area. She told me she recommended that he disclose the trust, but it appears from the email below he prefers to have me view it rather than receive it.
		  
		  **With the group’s consent, I’ll get the zoom call scheduled and review the trust.**
		-
		- I believe we know the exact value of the proceeds, but I asked for the settlement statement to verify. If Scott has it, no need to spend more time and money trying to get it from the trustee.
		-
		- Please “REPLY ALL”, and if I receive everyone’s approval I’ll schedule the zoom meeting with Stephen.
		-
		- Many thanks,
		- Stacey
	-